Do what you gotta do. you would have the capacity for and be able to be a part of the community for in that way, if that makes sense. Yep. Awesome. So let me also, I'll pull up a screen share in a minute when I get to the mission and vision docs. But just to just like. kind of put a cap in capacity. So when you do say you're working like eight to four, like you don't really have much time to be online, correct?

Yeah, like, I mean, I'm able to, like, sneak here and there on until I get the POD out and stuff, but it's...

nothing like i don't get like two plus hours to do whatever yeah i can only imagine because you're probably just like sitting at a desk in front of people all day so with your co-workers right around you so it's probably not the not the best to be like sneaky with your whatever you're doing on the side no 100% That's fine, that's fine. 100%. So I guess the biggest thing that I'll start with is before I get into the mission and vision, because this will be kind of just something that I'll just stay and continue.

But it is also that I can start to kind of look for more of a backup for help for you if it's needed. And maybe JP will be that backup, or I can just also look for another person when it comes to analysts for play of the day. But basically for the play of the day and everything, When it comes to the future and just future of the play of the day, I want to automate it a lot more. So basically from the point Like the current flow right now is you send me the play, the screenshot of the play.

I make the graphic and then I send it in the Discord and then I also send it for JP to send on Twitter. But what I'm going to do is basically so once you send me the graphic, all I have to do is post it on Discord and then I'm going to just write a script in a bot that will post it automatically to our Twitter and Instagram. So like that'll just make it a lot easier. smoother but the only thing that i do kind of need with that and it's also been a lot on my end not being able to get them out um within the time that you send them in um and it's also because like i'm just like working weird hours so it's like uh and then i just don't get to it later so it's like um if possible um kind of like trying to get the play of the day out by noon um so that i have time to post it by 1 30 and then i can run the script at two o'clock um so What does that sound?

Yeah, I feel like I could make that be able to work at some... Factor.

can't get it to them it's not a big deal but i'll just use that as kind of a cue to go and say hey jp can you help with the play of the day for today um you know i feel like that's a good idea awesome so let me just take a quick note of this um for future play of the day posting Dante to send play by noon. JP send backup play by 1pm if Dante doesn't get... A chance for play of the day and then a script runs at 2 p.m.

To post on all socials. Okay, cool So now that that's kind of in play That'll be one of the KPIs or like key things that we'll take out of this is that we're actually able to focus on getting this out by noon and then it'll also be on me to make sure that they are posted by 1 to 2 o'clock so that it doesn't so that you're not doing that hard work to actually get the play out for it to be not posted because Just annoying for you to have to go through and I don't want to put you through that So the next thing is let me pull up a screen share for this I'll look I'll walk you through like the mission vision and kind of what's coming next um aspect just give me one second to pull that open and Okay.

So basically with that, With the positioning, I'll just start off with this call out of when it comes to the different sports betting communities in the space, whether it be a Discord, a Instagram page, or like just no matter how the community is structured, all of their goals as like, you know, as an owner or as a staff member, all of their goal is to just give their members profitable picks. It's not as much about, hey, I'm taking this because X, Y, Z.

It's more about take this because I'm telling you to take this. And so what we want to kind of focus towards is kind of removing that barrier of actually the analyst being the, hey, take this because I'm telling you to take this. We want to have more of the education focused. centered mission around that and being like, hey, you should take this bet because of the research we did with tool XYZ or you should take this bet because of these trends that I've been following through my research.

And so that's kind of like the trend that we're trying to shift when it comes to the analysts and their framing and approach to sending pics, if that makes sense. Yeah, no, I get what you're saying. Awesome. And so the biggest thing that really comes out of that isn't necessarily as much in the way that you are sending your picks. It's more in just the way that you have them. conversations around your pics that I'm asking for.

So not necessarily if you, you don't have to necessarily add a recap, not a recap, a write up for every post, but for example, posting, this because of xyz in the nba chat for any second i apologize man nope no worries Hello.

Sorry about that, man.

No worries, no worries. But basically, we can... I'm not asking you to send a write-up, but for example, if you send an NBA pick in your Dante's plays, then it would be great if you could say, hey, in the NBA chat, you could say, hey, in Dante's plays, I'm really liking this because of the stats that I found on partner XYZ or the trend X that I'm following. And so what this allows us to do is focus Less on our just picks aspect because that's been the biggest part when it comes to our discord and then also just other discords and social sports.

sports betting communities in general. So what we can do is now just leverage our partnerships a lot more because we have them. So the framing we really want to take is actually like, yes, We want you to take this We have all these partnerships with the tools. And we want you to utilize these partnerships to bring more value. And so it's more of the even if you aren't necessarily in the community at this point, but you'll still be able to use the knowledge that you gain from us at any point in time.

And so that's kind of like, we want to remove the barrier that is the analyst and kind of turn each member into their own analyst in a way.

Yeah, I got that. Yeah, no, I understand what you're saying. Awesome.

And just as one final thing, the sports betting market and industry is so massive. There's so many markets, there's so many tools, there's so many things to bet on that there is not necessarily one correct answer for anything when it comes to placing bets or how you approach betting. So we really want to just focus on more of an individualized, personalized approach. And I'll talk through this more when I show the roadmap further down.

they can just focus on finding the strategy, finding the partners, finding the apps that work best for them, and actually can just... like increase our user journey flows and also the user experience that way. And then for the roadmap, give me One second. So I've kind of broken it down into a couple of different waves that we're going to be releasing in. So we've got the first wave, which is just an education focused wave.

So this is me getting all of the information into the Discord and updated and then also getting all of the staff onboarded with the mission vision and everything else. And so this is going to be hopefully finished and already and done by January, like basically January. 1st and then after this we're gonna be focusing on building our actually tools to help us with the education focus so it's gonna be basically a two-week development sprint where we're focusing on building out our retention features and this is stuff like the karma the daily poll wagering the just partner promo bot and also we're focusing on our conversions in January as well to be basically in a really good place to either acquire or do a big community engagement campaign in early February so this Will allow us to basically what we're doing is we're gonna set a baseline so we'll understand that which users are demographic what users are what demographics our users are from and then more about like what they will actually convert on depending on which demographic they are from so for example we'll understand more if users from our flip-flop server will convert through for example uh three partners on average while people that come through tiktok only convert to one and a half on average so like we'll be able to start testing those levers and really pushing to see works best for our user acquisition and then what works best with the people finding value in the server.

Gotcha. And so once we've gotten all of that, we're basically just In a marketing and growth push. So I'll just walk through a little bit of this. So in the first wave, and this is all scheduled to be released and ready by January 1st, so early January. So basically getting all the staff onboarded and everybody just aligned with the vision. And then we're updating the content in the Discord. So this includes just the channels, adding a few more categories and just tips and strategies areas.

be releasing flip ev this week so that'll be live by the time we are ready to go for this um education pivot and then we'll be just refreshing our invite link so we know more about our users and cleaning up the previous discord states um and we'll also be adding just a responsible gaming section to kind of just focus on hitting that responsible gaming and smarter betting aspect um when it comes to the education focused and once we've got all that education kind of content and foreground in place, we can focus on, it just allows us to focus on, now we can just focus on our EV and actually allowing our members to access the tools they need to be educated.

And with this also comes is we're gonna be increasing our prices to $50 a month in early, I wanna say early February or mid January, 'cause with the EV release and also our pivot, this will allow us to just Really just increase the value that we're giving and also just increase the amount that we're charging from us Will be and then I'll additionally with the second retention and engagement flow. We'll be working on a lot of tickets So that's what you as much.

This is more for the mod team But we'll be creating tickets. So everybody who joins the server will basically be Server will have a ticket created for them and a mod to talk to them and server welcome to basically say, "Hi, welcome." Let me know if there's anything we can do. And then anybody who starts a free trial of premium will get individual personalized ticket created in the premium walkthrough where we will talk them through like here's how you to maximize the distance.

And then if they sign up for any partner, we'll be creating an automatic ticket here for conversions. And then also for anybody whose subscription expires, we'll be creating a ticket automatically for them to try and get them to either re-engage and convert on one of our partners or just re-up their subscription.

Yeah, all right. All right, perfect. I'm seeing what you're doing.

Yep, and then the last thing is once we've got all this... retention and engagement ready for these tickets, this individualized experience. We'll be focusing on actually scaling what Pushes the level lever for conversions. So we'll be releasing more of our flippy V So basically by February, we're going to release all of our Evie for rebet flip fan dual draft games Just basically everything that isn't released now flip is going to be our little test go and then we should be good to send everything out by February and then we'll also be Let's see When we're focusing on conversions, Yeah, a lot of the actual individual personalized tickets will help us to focus on our conversions.

So those will be... Well, mods will mostly handle that, but also in the actual channels for just... general chatting, for example, in the betting floor, premium community, or general chat, this is kind of where you'll take the lead when it comes to education and making it more personalized. Not necessarily personalized, but just encouraging that conversation around our partners and also just encouraging that smarter betting conversation if that sounds good and then basically with all that and our conversions in place we'll be set to scale and focus solely on growing our community base and we'll be set there Yeah, I got you.

My bad.

No worries. Um, so... I guess. Do you have any questions with the roadmap?

No, I feel like you've explained the roadmap pretty well.

Okay, awesome. So this is, so I guess I'll take this next section to just talk about how you'll be fitting in more with what is coming up on the roadmap. And then also setting up a few KPIs for you. So basically, when it comes to what is going to be needed, so we're going to need a couple of things. So basically, when it comes to the um picks themselves um just the first thing is um daily recaps um we as a staff have not been keeping up with that so we need to just um kind of re-get on track with actually the posting um and i know it's a little harder for you because um you're just you're working as well but If possible, you could send your plays and not a screenshot and actually just as a message.

That'll be a lot easier for, it'll just look a lot better for the members. And then also for like in the future, I've got the HD tracking, automatic tracking for me. And in the future, I can't do it from screenshots that easily because it requires more time. fiddling with but if you did it in an actual message I can basically just take all the all the words from your message and put it into your tracking for you so basically tracking would be automatic for you so it wouldn't be as much to worry about Word I mean Honestly, I'm thinking I want to play more little...

In the back end, I don't want to be posting every day, mainly because... I don't know. I'm busy a lot of the time just with my full-time job. I do want to like... sort of help out though with like the pod's and stuff like that though I understand.

So when you say you want to help more on the back end, what does that look like to you?

Back end as in like... not so much technicalized, like being like a mod and stuff like that, but more so like, Getting the PODs out, stuff like that, like those sort of tasks, I guess you said. Yep.

So I guess like the area that would mostly fall in would be just like general community engagement and leading on that. Um... Let me see... But I guess like... So you don't want to do an analyst as much anymore?

I mean, I will still be, you know, having props cash to have plays. And if I see like lines, I like I will post some, but I just don't want to so much be like on a consensus like I need to get plays out like six out of seven days of the week or something like that.

Yeah, I got you. That makes sense. So I guess like... The only thing then would be if you wouldn't be an analyst, that would be completely fine. The only thing that would kind of be needed would just be the extra community engagement. That would just kind of be on the staff side. Like, would you have the capacity to be more engaged considering your job?

I mean, I will look and see how things are at work. Maybe I could maybe get like the, if it works on my work computers, like the Discord tabs and stuff like that and have it run on my computer during my off time, see if that would work. Yeah. But honestly, it all just depends on how things end up working out.

Yeah, so I definitely understand. But I will say I'm just a little bit hesitant to like, like to because just overall the engagement and just. performance overall just hasn't been the best from not only you, but also all members of the team. So I'd have to, like, we'd have to just... talk about how active you'd actually be able to be because part of this with being the with getting you on boarded with this and then in the aspect of the analyst daily plays would be that engagement of the daily engagement and posting plays and actually being that engagement for the community so if because like The...

The blocker isn't necessarily posting the plays. The blocker is how active you think you can be.

No, I get what you're saying. What I'll do is I'm going in Monday. I can look at what situation I'm going to be put in. I can give you a better answer then. And then if it doesn't work out, obviously, then obviously we'll talk about it and go from there.

Yeah, 100%. Because you've been with us for a while, and I definitely want to keep you as part of the team, but I don't want to, like... I don't want to have to put you in a place where you don't have much responsibility or roles.

And I fully understand that. No, and I fully understand that, man.

Yeah, so just give me a little bit, because you're basically the first analyst that I'm back onboarding, so I'll have to talk with the other guys as well to see the overall standby. But I understand from what you're saying as well, so I'll make a note for myself to come back and get you a better answer to this, and then also a better structure of what you would necessarily be doing. for the tasks were mostly around the posting plays aspect.

So I'll have to do a little bit more reconsidering for that. But I guess like just for, general I'll do this. What I did with JP yesterday and what I think would be good with you would be to just, I set just a few small KPIs to focus on. Shh. Let me go get our message real quick. Um... So basically I want to pick about five channels to be active in where you can just aim to chat and talk in these channels and then three channels for you to react in as well.

So just so when you actually think about focusing on community engagement, since we do have so many channels, you just don't kind of have a block on where to start. I'll give you that kind of here's where you can start place.

Oh, you're asking me, okay.

Yeah, well, kind of. So here, let me, sorry, I'm like, I've got like everything in three different places, but basically the channels would be, I'm thinking would be general chat. Um, well obviously general chat. Um, and then, uh, not necessarily community picks cause you have your analyst channel. Um, I'll skip that for now. Um, cause if we decide that you don't want to be like as an analyst posting analyst plays, um, we'll put the analyst plays.

Um, but I guess like for now I'll just, I'll have the KPI. be your analyst play just so we have Um... I won't like of course if you if you can't get it out and considering our conversation like if You aren't doing daily plays that is completely fine But I'm just gonna put it as a metric to if you are able to please be active in this channel so general chat Um... your pics channel members chat Let's see which ones.

What sport channel?

Basketball and football. Okay, I'll give you basketball and football. Um... Cool.

One second, typing this out. Okay. So these are your five channels to be active in And then also going to get together, let's see, three channels for you to react in. So, so Those three channels will be Daily free picks. Also, if you could please try to make sure you're reacting with a check or X for the play the days It's really helpful for me Okay. Um. And so when I say like react in these channels, I do see reactions.

But basically the whole goal for this and just overall thinking is. A reaction is indicatively somebody finding this useful. So if our staff find it useful and can start seeing those reactions, our members will also just find it useful because of that just scaling compounding aspect of, oh, there's already five reactions to this. Let me throw in another one rather than, oh, there's no reactions. I'm not going to react.

So just starting with the staff, it'll be really important for the staff to be helping to see those reactions. Okay. And then I'll just give you greened out as another one so for when people post their wins to help keep it supportive as a community and just try to react with either a fire or whatever, a money bag or however you want to react to those. And then as the third KPI we are going to be doing the play of the day by...

Play of the day Sent by noon. Daily. And then, um, let me think. I guess because when it comes to non-analyst things that to have you be doing other than general engagement I guess this will be good for now. So we'll just focus on these three things, just like your overall engagement, whether it be in the channels and then overall engagement when the reactions and then the actually daily hard stop of the noon for the play of the day.

Gotcha. So, and then just keep me updated on Monday. And either we can have another talk or chat. And I'll just... um like also just kind of take a peek around with the discord um feel free to ask me any questions and kind of like what with how you see the discord going um i'm more than happy to revolve the role around how you could see it working um it's just i have i just have so many things in my mind when it comes to things that need to be done um that it's hard for me to think of like what you would be best at um so like if you think of things that hey i would really good at this with the knowledge of, hey, we are focusing on this education aspect and we are focusing on our conversions.

And those are the two biggest things that we are focusing on. So if you think you have anything when it comes to there that you'd be able to just be specialty in and when it comes to not having to post plays and you'd rather just do that, I'd be more than happy to just talk about whatever you think would work best considering our vision.

For sure, man. For sure. Awesome.

'Cause yeah, you've been here a while, you know what we do, you know how it's been going and this is kind of like a big change in like just our overall vision and like the way we're actually trying to frame ourself. So like, It's definitely a big adjustment, but I would love to considering your capacity still keep you on as as one of our head members of the team so let's for sure but some let's Monday is the 29th um Let's plan to catch up on Tuesday sometime at night, if that works.

Yeah.

We'll talk closer today and see your time.

Yeah, that's no problem. Like, just text me on Tuesday. I'm just going to pencil it in to, like, remember to, like, text you because I'm also going to put some notes in it. All right, cool. But I'm just going to, just 7 o'clock work.

You can pencil that in and we'll go from there.

Yep, I'll shoot you a text before anyways. Yeah. Awesome. So I'll make a note of, well, we'll just connect about like how you think your role can change. And also like, Definitely, like... You being not active or you being not active in the daily plays is not a deal breaker at all. It would be really helpful to just hear your consideration and where you think you'd be more helpful. Gotcha. Awesome.

So I think that really covers most of the things that I wanted to go through on this meeting.

Do you have any last questions or anything that you want to talk about? No, I'm all good, my man. Awesome.

So I'll let you go then. Thank you very much for your time today. Yeah, of course.

We'll talk soon. All right. Talk soon. We'll talk soon. All right. Talk soon. Bye. Peace. - -