you Hello? Can you hear me?

Yep, I can hear you. Hey, how are you doing? Doing well, brother. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. So you said you moved. Tell me, where'd you move to? I moved to LA. Yeah. Cause I'm trying to go into the film industry. So.

Oh shit. That's what's up. What about put her LA?

It's right outside of Culver City. I'm kind of close to Santa Monica.

Okay, nice, nice. I have like, my California, yeah, my geography is not the best, but... How close is that to like just the Hollywood area?

I'm like 30 minutes west of Hollywood. So you'll be there quite often then?

Yeah, yeah.

Nice, nice. A good amount of my friends live there.

Okay, so are you living with any of them or are you by yourself?

Yeah, I'm with two of my friends from college out here.

Nice. That's what's up. Okay, so let me just, to set a little bit of an agenda, I'm just gonna like walk you through a little bit about how we're repositioning and what that looks like. And then I'll just show you a little bit of what that looks like and what that'll kind of look like with your role. And then it'll just be like capacity, like now that this is what we're kind of looking towards, what does your time look like to be actually active in the Discord?

Yeah. Alright, awesome. So just to start off, just a bit of like context. So I guess the way I would put the server is to break us down into like three years. Like the first year we broke off from flip-flops. Like we just focused on scaling our members. Like we just got from none to 3,000 members. And so like we really, that just helped us like start to get partnerships and The second year, I would say, is when we actually started focusing on those partnerships.

And so that's where we scaled up to our about 20 partnerships, which is we have now. But the only problem with that is that we didn't scale our partnership revenue. We just didn't convert more than three to five per partner per month. So it didn't scale. And so that's kind of the issue that we've been going through in the third year. I would say like the second half of the third year, I was trying to do more acquisitions and like bringing more staff into the Discord that way.

And I just got too many staff without onboarding them on to like, hey, you need to actually be helping us make money. And they kind of just fell off because the payments weren't good enough and they weren't getting paid enough. And they weren't making us anything. So it was just a bad cycle. So like now what we're really focusing on is we just want to, Thank you. We want to bring out the value aspect of our Discord.

So we just want, and when that value is, is like we have so many partnerships and we have all these integrations. And it's not about like teaching our members and the community just how to use them. And so what that looks like in actuality is like it's just, It's not just... Yes, it's just sending your pic, but it's also saying, hey, if you are in XX, you could also take it on, for example, our partner ProfitX because they're a peer exchange and they will give you better lines than taking it on FanDuel.

And then, for example, like... What I'm what I'm working on right now is a lot is the EV So when I released the EV it'll be super easy for you to just say For like members to say hey, for example I actually placed this bet or you don't even have to but I like this pick from the EV channel and then they will in retrospect It'll be best to be played on that app so like the kind of conversion is like the value down the line is they will eventually sign up for that app and they'll come back with our code and Yeah.

And so I guess, can I ask a question of what tools do you use for your research? Yeah.

I mean, I use a... I do use the outlier channels that we have. And then... What's the name of the app? I'm... I think a couple apps on my phone that I just, like, look at, like, trends and stuff, and they're just... It's those two things and just like reading articles and keeping up with like NBA and NFL since those are the main two sports I follow and put out picks for. Do you like pay for any description of that?

Sorry, can you say that again?

I was about to put my bread in the kitchen, but do you pay for any subscriptions on those apps? Oh no, I don't. Okay. So I guess like what we're doing is not what we're doing, but what I'm doing is I'm just getting a list of where everybody has apps. And then also like, just like the knowledge aspect is as important as using apps. The apps are just like the kind of like caveat of like, Oh, it's super easy to say.

I didn't even have to research it. The app did it for me. But like, like that isn't, that isn't as valuable as just the knowledge aspect. That would be amazing. But the second thing is that I will do is I'll work on this. It'll be now that you're the last person that I have to talk or I might look at one or two more analysts that I might pick up. But basically, I'm going to I have a bunch of company accounts to all these services or whatever.

And so basically, I can give out a couple accounts to just the analyst to use. And just basically, when I figure out who has what account and then which account I would be able to just give out, I'll hit you up and say which of these will be the most important. Like, which would you use? And kind of could figure out if any of them are worth your while for using.

Okay, that would be great. Yeah. The main app I look at is Linemate. That's the main one I use.

Linemate? Mm-hmm. Yeah. I know we've had a... We've had them in our okay, they do have a subscription. Oh, that's interesting. Okay Yeah, we've had them on our list for a while, but we've never reached out. So I will put them on the list to reach out because that's like one of the easy things is we can just get a free code or not a free code, a free account if we get a code. And it's like we don't even necessarily have to get that many conversions.

It's just like the aspect of they're getting their name out, which is what they like. But yeah. So that's what I'll do with that and then the last thing is I'm actually pull up a screen chair and this is gonna be just terrible cuz I'm having shit Open system settings. I'm having like internet issues where I like I don't even know what's going on like my my fucking apartment internet went down so like Um, Also, I have to reload my Discord real quick, but my apartment went down, so I'm on my laptop right now.

I'll be right back.

Okay.

you Let me see if this works for screen share. Oh, and this is perfect because if I was having these technical difficulties on the later call, that would be more embarrassing.

Yeah, I can hear you all right.

I don't even, well, my screen share isn't actually pulling up. Like I was using my I have two laptops and this is my work laptop like I don't even use this for this But my other laptop won't even connect to my phone hotspot and this is a Mac so it's just like it connects I hate Macs too.

I do too. I don't have any... Max or anything.

I've always been a Windows guy and for the company I'm interning at they're all Mac guys and so I'm not sure about... I don't know if I like the Mac that much. Okay, it's actually just not letting me put up a screen share for some reason, but I will send you a screenshot of this, but what I'm working on is, and... I You won't get access to this yet. It's third like a startup company to said like they're just a new app But basically it's gonna be where I'm gonna start all of our job out DJ's context and so like Uh, oh shit.

How do I like... I hate Macs. Um, okay. Um... Find that screenshot. Invalid file type, okay. UmOkay, I'll send you that screenshot in a bit. But basically I put all of our partners in a database. So every single one of our partners is basically that, or it's a, Just come. Commission or conversion for us They earn a certain number of points based on how much that conversion is worth. So basically for example sleepers worth five points and like underdogs only worth three points because like our Commission with underdog is 35 bucks so and then basically how it works is everybody that you and so we have it I'm working on figuring out the best way to do this but essentially anybody that you get to sign up with our code You just have to send me and I'll actually send you the channel that this is in all you have to do is tag the actual person that type of person that signs up and put the app that they signed up for in this channel and you will get the points for that conversion.

And so how that works is I have a 5% staff bonus, so just 5% of the monthly subscription and partnership revenue will go right into that bonus. And so for example, if it's $100 and there's been like two conversions of Sleeper and you were one of them, and so you got five points, you would get five out of 10 points, so 50 out of those $100 in that. Okay. Got it. I'm going to give you a unique server invite link so that everybody you invite through the server, we're going to track.

And so the neat thing about this is that if somebody else converts this person, and usually this somebody else is going to be me, but also I'm not included in the staff bonus. So like... Yeah, but I'm not including the staff bonus. But like, so if somebody else converts that person, so if I convert the person on sleeper, for example, you will get the five points because you invited them and they came from your link.

And so if you both invite them and convert them, then you get double points. you Hey. Got it. And so basically all you have to do is send just like their username just tag them in this channel and you can just if If you don't know how to do that, if you Click. If you're on mobile, if you just click on their name, and then there should be somewhere where it says copy user ID, and you can just do this around their user ID, and it pays as a tag.

Okay, cool, cool, cool. Um...

And then... The last thing is just like considering all this and then the next thing the next biggest thing is like we just want the daily pics aspect is it's it is important but the the community engagement is just as important because we want to have like the discussion and even if it's just like like stupid shit about like we just right now we just have very little engagement that we're kind of digging for anything um so i guess what does your capacity look likeUm, I mean, it's probably easier for me on weekends and stuff to be messaging in the...

Serve brew. Weekends. But, uh... Yeah, yeah.

Okay, that works. And do you think you'd still be able to send the daily pics during the week? Oh yeah.

Yeah, I just mean for like actually like engaging in the channels. That'd probably only be a weekend thing, but I could send daily pics out whenever. Awesome.

Then, yeah, that sounds good then. Then, like, if you, yeah, I think we'll be, like, mostly more active on the weekend. And then, like, you might get an occasional ping, which I'm sure you'd be good about. Like, just, hey, this is why I'm taking this pick. But just, like, the occasional ping would be helpful. And then the last thing is just, like, I'm going to get better on a better schedule. But I'm going to start sending out our just partner.

Well, I have to set up the schedule again. But I'm going to be sending out our partner promos in the daily play of the day. You could just try to react. And one thing we're going to try to be doing is Like reactions are somebody saying, hey, I got value from this. And then just the more reactions signifies that a lot more people got value. So if you could try to react to literally as many things, especially in like.

channels that only I post in, it's just super helpful for, especially if new people see it and react, they get into a good habit of it and just build in the habits early. Good. And I think, yeah, that's mostly everything that I wanted to cover. I'll just, I will send you that invite link. Um... Right. Um, in like two minutes. And then basically on the call for just the The, um... The weekly analyst call, I'm just going to basically let everybody know what I've been doing and then kind of like what's going to be coming next with not only EV, but like just server engagement.

And then just like, I'm going to leave it pretty open for like, what do you guys think? Because we're just minimally active right now. So like, I want to get you guys a little bit more engaged in the thoughts of what can we be doing more business developmentally to get the engagement better that will help you to be more active. you Good. Sounds good.

Yeah.

Any questions or anything? And...

I don't think so, no. Okay.

Oh, yeah. The last thing is I am bringing, like, official payments are going to be starting in February. We just, like, we literally revenued, like, $300 last month, so it's just, like, not even valuable. But I've been having, or I have a partnership claim that I'm going to claim in this month from one of our partners that I just, I didn't even look in our dashboard, but I'm just going to pull out all the money in February.

So I'm just going to claim it in this month. So we'll have an expected revenue of at least $500, In the low $1,000, maybe $1,250, like 1.2 range. So like the conversion bonus will be at least $50, the staff bonus. And then the other thing is I do want to offer you a 2% just base. But the only thing with the base is you are only eligible to receive the 2% base if you complete five conversions. Okay.

Got it, got it. Does that sound good? Yeah, yeah. Getting them into the system is super valuable. So anybody that joins off your link, you will receive three conversion points for.

Okay, I think I got it, yeah.

And I really should have had the document ready Before tonight, but I'm going to set out documents for everybody and then I'm also um, I'm gonna just give you guys your tracking spreadsheets I'm gonna update them all for everybody. So just if you haven't done it yet, don't worry about it I'm gonna take care of it for 2026 and then And then I'm gonna show you guys some other cool things that might be coming but yeah I'll let you go now and we'll we'll chat more on the any any last questions orNo, I think we're good, yeah.

All sounds good to me though. Awesome.

And like, if you do, like if anything is confusing, I'll try to have documents out by the weekend is one. And then two, just ask me anything and I'll give you the best answer I can. Okay. Thank you. Awesome. All right. I'll see you in that in like five minutes. Okay. Thank you. Awesome. All right. I'll see you in that in like five minutes. Yep. See you. All right. Bye-bye. ♪