Okay, so basically in this transcript, what I need to do is, Create or just get the context out for the document creation of our, um, Just like, Core documents about the company. And when I say core documents about the company, I mean our mission and vision kind of statement, our just... And just like our kind of like goals with the server. I just want to like explain that and spell that out so I kind of just want to Reference just reference a lot of the context of the previous and I will paste it but the previous just Message, but can you just ask me kind of some questions conversationally?

That I can expand on this context that is given so give me one second to get these questions ready and We will start to kind of just expand on the context that comes with it. So just bear with me. So, okay. So Great questions. So... really... Just Okay, I'm gonna start with the second question of just what's the one sentence description of like how is it different from when it started? So let me just talk a little bit of how we are trying to differentiate our positioning in the industry.

So basically, when it comes to most of what's better in communities, this chords or just really the way that people get access to this high higher wealth of knowledge is mostly through just subscriptions like the like other servers but their goal is not necessarily to beach their members Like the best strategy than everything they're really goal is to just get the members through and paying and on their subscription for picks.

Like, and that's not our goal. And our goal should be like, and so we really just.

What really allowed us to kind of pivot, and this pivot happened about a year and a half ago, but what really allowed us to make this pivot is that we've gotten partnerships.

We've leveraged our younger community and our larger community Community... Our community wants to be knowledgeable, so we use our community's knowledge, their knowledge base, and their... And kind of that for just our expansion of when it came to our partnerships.

And so we've kind of got 20 different partnerships in the industry when it comes to different betting apps, tools, resources, just everything. We've got about 20 different partnerships in the industry. And what this allows us to do is really focus on the education aspect of, hey, this is why you should use this app. For example, we can teach our members how to line shop and say, hey, you should actually, Why you should have multiple sportsbooks.

It's not to spend all your money in these different places It's to only bet on them when you are able to find that just like capitalize on that advantage like you should find one main sportsbook and then Just use these other ones to shop the lines So if it's minus 123 versus minus 120 in the long run if you place like a hundred of those bets just taking that A little bit.

of like advantage, it will just add up over time.

And it's small, but it's just the little things. And it's kind of like when you think about being a responsible better, it's using all those resources to your advantage. And then our goal on the staff side is to not only just give our members access to these resources, so help them get set up on these apps and with these tools and learn how to use them, but also to just like Give them the knowledge that comes with it.

So it's kind of like this is why we actually use this tool Oh, we use thrills because they have like this 10% profit or this 10% market boost so if it's going to be a wager that We are already in a place We're gonna place it on thrills because we're gonna have that 10% boost of the market and kind of just that aspect of it and our goal is As staff not to convert members to our premium subscription.

Well, yes We want everybody to be able to take advantage of those features. Our goal should be to get them to convert on our partnerships so that they can get free access to our premium side and then also just get that additional utility and access to the tools that we are giving them, that we are setting them up with. Mike. So we can When it comes to like dropout and degens and layup, we're keeping them very separate, but we just want to use layups positioning in one special way.

Layup is trying to, is a sports saving app. So it's trying to help people save money through sports while not betting it.

So it's using the same aspect, the same trigger, a sports game, but rather than using it to spend money, like save, save, or spend money, You're using it to just as a trigger to make a savings. So that's kind of just we want to offer that utility to say hey just because Just because you're in the sports industry and you're in this world and you like sports doesn't mean you always have to be betting.

You can also be making the smart, conscious decision to be also saving your money with that. And so like long term vision wise, I want to just scale community growth like we want our. Like...

Like, we want to just be able to...

grow our community so that not only are we able to Gain access to more partnerships, we're actually able to leverage our community size to give our members like better sign-on bonuses and better resources when it comes to all these different opportunities in the market. And realistically, the goal is to be able to just have that knowledge base and share that knowledge base easily and Very, like... We don't want to gatekeep it from our community and we want it to be more of a Just...

As positive as a reference frame around vetting as possible. So what makes our staff members different?

Just really what we want to focus on in this aspect is really just the community, like the engaging with the community. And it really just comes to like, it's really important, like, When it comes to like all of these events like it's there's no one right answer and there's always a ton of factors that make up the outcomes of these events.

So it's really important to understand all the factors and when it comes to like conversations and discussions like that's that's what makes it super important that like this additional conversation allows people to just have that additional context of potentially factors that they wouldn't initially be considering or just They might have not... just might not be using in the first place and these can allow them to just make more educated decisions.

So Kind of for younger communities, like we want to take more of an educational standpoint. Like we want to just take the aspect of We don't want to say, hey, just sign up for this app because they have a good promo. You'll get $10.

We want to say, hey, you should use this app because they have pretty decent line discrepancies when it comes to solving these things. So you want to keep an eye out on them. I wouldn't actually use them consistently. I think X and Y is a better app, but I would actually use this app for this reason. That's the way we should approach our partnership conversions. And then when it comes to And when it comes to the goal of the merge as well, I want this to be just, his community should be a part of our community.

They should be...

Like, our community is completely tailored to them and in the way that they just like it is built for them like all because because of the resources that we have and also just their demographic it is just a perfect match when it comes to the people who would be interested in our community and also just the people who would also have a lot to gain from it when it comes to needing the education in the space rather than just getting some like just a bad actor as a first impression.

And it's... Um...

And so when it comes to culture, like what differentiates our culture, like yes, the The education aspect that I wanted to touch on as well, but also like the transparency.

I want to be as transparent as possible and also That should be conveyed through our staff and the interactions they have with the community. Basically like Not everything Always wins or goes right so it's important to be transparent and to learn from your mistakes because the transparency not only allows you to take accountability for your just and not even mistake but just take accountability for the outcomes of the event and also just use that as knowledge for your your next for you next time because if you just can't have that transparency and accountability you can't put in place the systems that you actually need to become successful and profitable in that kind of way and it should be about And it should be also about really just like...

Friendly and helping. *coughs* So it should be really just like a friendly and helping. kind of situation Thank you. We just try to ensure that like. All conversations are kept positive and The tonality in which we speak should not be just Um. Putting down or In any of that way.

I think that's just kind of it on that. Okay. And how I want to be described is, I want it to be described as like... More than a community.

A community resource like...

I wanna be like the one stop shop. We want our members to be able to describe us as they have taught me everything when it comes to How to find these bets and also like how to find the best places to place them.

End. And also the strategies for how many to place.

We want them to have all the skills that they need to be successful and profitable. And it's up to them to ultimately implement them, but we should just have... Everything as easily to understand and accessible as possible.