Cool. So, okay, so just to kind of set a little bit of an agenda. Um, so just want to talk a little bit about your capacity, what's going on in your life, and how much time you think you'll have when it comes to being able to just, um, Like dedicate to dropout DJs and then I'll just fill you in with What's going on with our pivots? and the kind of Just... direction we're going with that and then I'll show you the roadmap and kind of a projects and how how you can kind of like just engage with that and we'll go from there.

Okie dokie. Awesome. So, yeah, just walk me through, like, um...

I know you mentioned you got another job, so walk me through what your time looks like.

So the one I'm with right now, I'm five days a week. So basically, I'm only off... Wednesday and Thursday. But then next month... I'm leaving the current one I'm at now, and then I'm starting a new one next month. Getting a new job. Yeah, I'm getting paid more at the one I'm starting next month.

Okay, fire.

And for that job, it's... I don't know what days it is yet, but um... I just know it's gonna be... Um. Bye. Four days a week, I'm pretty sure, or five, I think it's five days a week, or five days a week. But it's from 11 to 7, so like 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. So like throughout the day, I could like do stuff for the server, but like... And like when it hits 11, like I can't.

Yeah, that makes sense. And okay, so What job are you going to be? What's that graveyard shift?

Oh, it's at a hospital.

Are you going to be working at a hospital? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you going to be doing?

It's basically... Patient admitting. So like, Like front desk, basically.

That's fire. That's fire. Yeah.

That's nice, though. Graveyard... Awesome.

So you'll have some availability during the day, son.

Yeah during the day I could definitely do stuff and get back on track on things.

Awesome.

I won't start until the 12th of January.

That's what I was about to ask. Start on the 12th of January. Okay, cool. So then you'll be like available for days starting 12th of January. And then, Just for this two week period, what is your availability? You work five days a week right now, is that during the day?

Most of the time it's during, It's like afternoon, like I'd be going like tomorrow I work and tomorrow I have a 10 to 7. So it's like mid-chess.

10pm to 7am.

No, no, 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.

Oh, that's a rough one.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay, so you don't have that much capacity for these coming few weeks then, right? Um...

I mean, No, probably not. Because... Yeah, I mean, I do have an hour break, but like... That's just not enough time.

But yeah, the capacity right now is very, very low. That's no problem. So I'll just make a note of that just minimal capacity during the days until you're until the 12th of January when you start your new job and then we'll be able to kind of set up more easier for you to manage like schedule when it comes to just daily interaction. Yes. Awesome. Okay, cool. And then, so I guess that really covers capacity.

So next is I'll just start going through a little bit of the mission, vision, etc. I'll just start a screen share for that real quick.

I see the screen. Awesome.

Okay, so basically with the Vision And mission. So the best way I would, I'll just talk about it is that when it comes to like all of the different discords, Instagram pages, basically just like. people giving advice on what to bet on, which is just the sports betting community that we are kind of running. It's kind of no differentiation in the business model when it comes to just all these different servers.

The goal is just to give their members users picks that wouldn't probably pick. But that is like one of the core things that we still want to offer. The way we wanna approach it is we wanna do it a little bit differently. So we wanna actually just, since we've built up our partnerships and haven't really been able to use them much, this is kind of like why we're transitioning into the edge aspect. So, but what this will basically look like rather than just saying hey or rather than just having our analysts say hey here's the bet that I'm taking though it'll kind of be like what they're already doing with sending out their picks but it's just going to be more of the education and centered of hey if they ask questions I'm taking this because XYZ and also these are the tools that I used to research and get up.

Um. And that's kind of the approach that we want to take on the education side. And then also just leveraging our partnerships to be as in these are the tools that you can use to actually find these more profitable markets. And then also these are the partnerships that we have to help bring you these resources, i.e. it's not always advantageous to continue betting on a single platform and it can be more advantageous to line shop.

And actually knowing the markets that are available, leverage that and bring that to our user base and rather than just focusing on the hey these are the profitable picks for today we can focus on the hey these are how we found profitable picks today and this is how you can apply it to the future Okay, that makes sense.

That does make sense.

members to find value in those partnerships. So that's kind of like as a mod staff, as an overall view, like as an education point, like that's kind of the focus. And so when it comes to vision, just like... What? We want our members to just, even if their bets don't always win that day, we want them to still just carry knowledge that they gained from those bets. Like they'll be able to say, oh, my bet didn't hit because I was looking at the wrong trend.

Or maybe I found a really good market and I found a really good trend, but I just got unlucky. So if I keep following this trend and market that I'll find success the next time. We want to be able to just basically push the aspect of, If your bets don't win, you're betting smarter. aspect because When it comes to just... the overall high level of the sports betting industry. There are so many markets, there are so many tools, there are so many just things to bet on and different ways to approach betting on it.

And there's just no like one right approach. So if we can just help personalize it to each individual member, i.e. what is best for them. For example, if they are a props, player props user, they might find more value in like our optimizer and also props cache to help research that on their own. stuff like that. And that's kind of like the vision is like, we want all of our users to not only have the community access to back them up and just discuss and share their picks, but also the actual tools inside the Discord that we can set them up with.

And even that they'll have these tools and can continue using the things they learned from us, even if they aren't necessarily an active member in the community at that moment in time. Um. And so when it comes to the roadmap, basically, we need to do a couple of things to get in place to... Um, Must be more. ready to market and grow better. So when it comes to just the overall pivot and getting all this educational first information in, that is what we're currently focusing on and it's our main goal.

And we should have all of the Content and discord basically updated to match our pivot in January early January and then we are going to start focusing on our retention and conversion features So basically that will be our development when it comes to the partner promo bot We're going to be doing a lot more with welcome tickets I'll talk to you about how those will affect the mod staff in a bit but we're going to be doing a lot more with welcome tickets to kind of Individualize it a lot more.

So basically everybody who Starts a premium trial. We'll get a premium walkthrough ticket. So there'll be just an individual ticket with them on team me and analysts and then also just the member whenever they sign up so we can just say hey let us know if you need help finding anything and this is the best way you can use our resources and then also just free access tickets we're going to be doing there's a lot more building out our It's part of Promobot so that people can see what offers are available to them a lot easier.

And we're just going to be focusing on the conventions. And so what that puts us in a good space for is for like our community re-engagement. And so once we've kind of like got our conversions and our more individualized process together, I'm gonna be looking to acquire another Discord so that we can grow through a really easy channel as in these people will already be familiar with Discord and kind of they'll have, with the acquisition, list that will help to manage and just like facilitate that transition to help with that period.

But when that comes into play, we'll basically be in a good spot for retention. But so when it comes to basically everything in between, I'll go a little bit through what's Working on that. And so I won't go too far into the future, but once we've got our... education first community ready, then we can just focus on growth because when it comes to how much we can revenue from our partnerships, we can earn about twelve to fifteen hundred per customer on average or not on average, but in total.

And that number will increase to about two thousand dollars in February when I do turn twenty one. But basically we can just Once we have our education first community, we can focus on just acquiring customers and getting them through our conversion funnels. Because if we pay a dollar per customer, we would only have to convert basically like 2% to break even. And so if we convert anything better than 2%, we'll be in a very good spot when it comes to being able to sustainably grow and actually invest money back into the marketing cycle, if that makes sense.

That's a lot.

It is a lot. Just, yeah, I can go through this. a little bit, but this is like what the tentative I've like... Segmented it into waves and a couple things So this first wave one is basically going to be everything that we need for our education pivot. So that's going to be getting all the staff onboarded, our discord, all the educational content inside. I'm going to get FLIF EV live for our education.

pivot so we'll just have flip ev live um i'll be recycling all of our invite links so we'll know who everybody is coming in from and then the discord will just be cleaned up um and i'll add some more information on the console gaming This will be all live and ready to basically be completed the pivot on by January 1st. and Once we have all the staff and everything, we'll be working on actually I'll just feature it.

keeping these members now that we've got the education pivot and that includes increasing our pricing to $50 a month. So once we've actually released the EV and are scheduled to release more, we can justify actually raising our prices, not leaning on the analysts so much and having just all of the extra tools because when it comes to kind of the resources that we'll have, we'll have a lot of good sections for our resources.

We'll have our outlier information as a really good Just segue. And then we'll also have our custom optimizer as another one for our DailyGuard Fantasy and then Odds Jam. And then we'll also have our props cache in the premium community through the bot plays. We'll be loving it. three as our main informational partners. When it comes to just getting all that information out Then with this next retention is going to be the tickets.

Maybe it's in we figure okay, so This is where it'll be most applicable to you. 'Cause when it comes to everything that happens here, we'll be trying to get the community more active, but there won't necessarily be as many features when it comes to just like the retention and engagement. And for example, we're going to be making updates to our just community onboarding and just the interactive the way that people interact on a daily schedule um and that'll be mostly coming in in wave three um so this will be when you get your job or your new job mostly so we're going to be and this is where it'll pertain most to you so what it'll be is we're going to be making tickets so every but every time someone joins the server um we're going to be fixing up the server welcome ticket like what I'll need help with when it gets to this point and when you'll have that extra capacity.

But basically what we'll need is for when people join, everybody who joins the server will have a server welcome ticket. Everybody who creates or gets a... I'll act as subscription will get to get created here. So what happens is we'll get What we're going to be building out is just a mod ping so you'll get pinged for every ticket that will be and this will also be throughout the whole entire mod staff and it's not not just gonna be like delegated to you, but basically for the mods we're going to tag them whenever a ticket for example and this welcome premium walkthrough is created and like it'll just be me you and then also the other mods job to kind of just be in here and say hey welcome let me know if you let me know if you need anything we do anything for you really just focusing on the personalization aspect of them Okay.

Um. Yeah, so that basically is the roadmap. And then basically, but once we've got all of these conversion aspects in place, we can focus on just scaling and just focus on TikTok and Instagram content and then updating our social medias and just scaling through just social media growth and paid growth. And that way we'll just be in a good place for scale.

But to be able to be in this place to actually scale, we kind of just need to, finish our pivot and get the community active so that when members come in they'll have something to come into Wow, you've been busy. I've been trying to be. It's been like, it's just been so annoying because