Okay, let's see. Okay, great. So to start, let me just, Tell you a little bit about this project. So this project is just to publish new ED filters So I've already created some tasks out of this so like this is kind of like getting into the next steps area But basically like I need to launch the flip EV channel Let me just give a little more high-level summary to just cover the opportunity. So basically We've been getting a lot of this data from odds jam and daily grand fantasy for our EV and custom optimizer.

So now what we can do with this data is apply filters. On the retrospective or just look at the retrospective data now that we can see their results and to see where they are profitable and basically they tell us in their odds to hits rating odds to hit ratings Where a profitable market is and we can just filter out that based on the retrospective data into understanding kind of just Where the... Positive markets are.

Um... And so Just cutting out all the bullshit that just allows us to Create filters that tell us, hey, when Daily Ground Fantasy tells us an event that they think is, um... odds to hit 56.1% which really means if they think it's gonna hit at 65% of the time Well, we can actually look at the data and say okay, they're right 80% of the time And so now that we have that basically we're just looking into the filters aspect and what does this allow?

This allows for us to This allows for us to just create filters for our EV channels so we aren't sending a ton of notifications and only send some of what we can find to be most profitable markets. And so this allows us to just give our users access to a better tool overall. So nothing in itself is being built. It's just an update to our bot. So we already have some of this previously built in with some of the filters and stuff.

Going to be doing is taking the notifications from the Evie backlog section and sending them into basically the sport specific channels So if it's an NFL notification, it'll get sent in the football channel MLB will get sent in the baseball NCAA B and NBA sent in basketball and so on kind of like that and so basically all that needs to be done is first We need to create the filters so like we need to go look at the data and understand which markets are profitable and say okay when it's baseball and strikeouts and odds to hit greater than 56.1 or great odds to hit exactly 56.1 okay we only want those future um data points to come out so we need to go look and first find out all of those so that needs to be broken down into just both overall and then I want to look at baseball, football, basketball, etc across the all sports book markets.

Once And that's done. So...

Then how it's going to work is the AV notifications are just going to be used as they are and they're just going to be sent now in the public channels.

So now the users will be able to actually see the notifications and The... They'll actually just be able to see the notifications. And so this actually doesn't have too much to consider when it comes to how it works since it's already built. We're just mostly working mostly about how it will work is the filters. And I guess kind of getting more into how it will work is we should look into building an algorithm for it because the filters are just static.

And so we don't necessarily want to be static forever. So we should probably look to build an algorithm. around that but that's kind of it on that so KPI impact how will we measure success from this I guess just the number of filters that we are able to apply into our data and also just how those filters are doing so we'll both need a way to understand how many of those data points are being sent out which I guess maybe we should look to build that in just I don't think that's Really is a hundred percent thing we should have but like in kind of like the ashman admin dashboard future thinking like that's something I would be considering of like how how many are being sent out and What are these notifications actually can I pull them up?

For example, can I like yeah, and I cycle through them like I want to know what these notifications are that are being sent to how I know we're marked in the back end But like I just want to understand how they're doing and I also want to be know that I Put enough in that they're sending enough notifications out per day and so potential so why does this matter so this matters because It will allow us to kind of just not only market our EV as a profitable Just like a proper method of betting and just a good tool but also it'll open up the possibility for Right now we have just the profit X link and just some of our just the daily DFS aspect daily fantasy sports aspect of the social the sportsbook industry We just have those partnerships linked but it does open the future possibility of getting for example like FanDuel, Giraffe Kings all those affiliate links linked into our EV and increasing conversions through there.

And then it also just unblocks us when it comes to marketing and we can create a whole marketing push around that. And really it just unblocks us in the way of just, we don't do anything with our EV data.

So if we can prove that we can do something with our EV data, then it can really open just a big market and big opportunity and big door for us.

Really important. So I guess those next steps, yes, we need to do FLIF. We need to get the sports, and then we actually need to, like, once, yes, I figure out the filters, then I need to pass it off to the dev team to implement the filters. And then just, also just, not that they're necessarily... important right now but their future implications but Just consider those future aspects of the project