Okay, so I know you weren't able to make the meeting today, but I'm going to give you a little transcription of everything when it comes to Discord-wise.

And so basically the way that I'll walk through this, and also for like a good transcription notes, is I'll go through all the categories first, and then in each category, then I'll explain how the channels and the flows will work. Overall goals and mission so we can skip like I guess like the only thing in the mods is that is going to be Anything is the partner attribution channel? so basically I'm I need to like Find my pencil.

And stuff for this too. Um, but I need to...

I'm gonna do a staff 5% staff bonus and so basically anybody who Any staff member who makes a conversion onto our partners or a member into premium will get a point. It'll be like one point for our smaller partners like Real and Like What else do not get CPA from picket layup like Props Cash, like those are the ones that are like, They get one point. And then anything that's like a real partner, that'll be three points.

And then our best partners, for example, I'll just pick one of them. Like Onyx and Thrills and... Sleeper and Parley play, like those ones would be five points. And so then basically... All of. um our members and then another thing that i'm gonna get together is actually like what's really important for the resources is like the actual why behind the the books so like for um So, like, basically you can say, oh, you should use Fliff because they give you a free daily dollar every day.

And so you should not really have any money in there and, like, have a whole strategy for Fliff. And then, like, for example, for Onyx, oh, you should use Onyx, one, because you get 100 free picks, but two, because you get... It's basically they have same game parlay profit boosts, which aren't the best, but like... That is a good profit boost. They're the only social sports book that offers profit boosts.

And then they have a good same game parlay that we can advertise. And also they have just like the... closest to draft kings. Like, basically, like, for all our partners, we'll have, like, small little pitching points to say, hey, not, like... not like only why you should use this one but this is what differentiates it from the other partners um so that'll be like um i'll leave that resource elsewhere but like um that'll generally be this is also as a note for me to get together um for the things both the staff bonus and then the partner attribution um but like basically that'll get that done um but we can skip the development category and go right to the support category for next um so the support category is to a bunch of different sections.

So I kind of just made it a new section for each thing that they could need so that we can just say, hey, look in this support channel. Or if you just need a general question, this is what the main support channel is for. So the support category has the channels.

Let me read out the channels.

It has support, free access, subscription help, premium walkthrough, partnership inquiry, staff application, bug report, server welcome, expired sub, and responsible gaming. And so basically the support one Just general support. Like, do you need help with anything? This is... This is our resources and then this is all of the different support resources that we have. So if you need help with this specific thing, look in this support channel.

So this is kind of what this support is. This general support is and then there's just open a ticket if you need help and then free access. This one is specifically for people who have signed up for a partner and are submitting proof so that they can claim free days of all access. So They just have to create a ticket in this channel and also we can create a ticket for them so but basically The whole goal of the free access channel is just for people who have signed up for a partner to give them free premium in that little ticket and then subscription help so I will have a little blurb of like frequently asked questions like How I'm having trouble accessing Sign into the website.

How do I manage my billing? Just go to the billing page Can I receive a refund create a ticket below and it's 48 hours, whatever blah blah Discounts can I trial blah blah and so basically subscription help will be anybody that needs help with subscription They'll create a ticket here And then premium walkthrough this one is okay. So this one's still in progress I need to finish it a little bit, but basically this channel with this channel is to every single person who either starts a trial or starts a premium subscription will get sent into this channel.

So basically They... I want... I want our, so when this is set up in the backend, it's still probably looking for like, late January to mid February or early February. But once this is in the backend, basically anybody who creates an all access or anybody who starts a trial or subscription will get an individualized personalized ticket. And the goal here is we're just trying to Give them a more personalized experience and say, hey, do you need help with anything?

Hey, let us help you maximize your advantage while you're here. We want to be as hands-on, especially in the premium walkthrough. And then the partnership inquiry. This one's just like if they want to become a partner of ours, then you can take it to discuss. Staff application, if they want to be a staff, then they can discuss. Report a bug, just let us know about our bugs. And then the server welcome.

This one is another ticket that is going to have an automation process. So basically from all of the invite links, we will just say if you are from xyz source and we'll also send some tagging system um that will be set up but basically everybody who joins the server from a specific source will get a server welcome ticket and they'll just be like high converting sources so we know that these people are real we know that they will engage and potentially convert so our goal is to one offer them free premium like here take a three-day free trial um to just start your access and they also get message dm'd a seven-day free trial Puts them on our billing so like if they start the seven-day free trial that's even better from the welcome message But basically they can get up to ten free days of all access But we want to encourage them to claim that in the server welcome and then also just again It's kind of gonna be double treated with the premium walkthrough Where if they have a premium walkthrough ticket and they're already be talking being talked to in the server welcome It's not necessary but like it's more that that personalized experience.

And then expired sub, this is another one that is in progress, but it's more of everybody who sub expires. So when their subscription or free trial ends, we want to convert them back again. And so an individual ticket for that person will be opened up. So we'll need to message them and be on top of those tickets. And then the responsible gaming channel, I still need to get this together a little bit more, but like I have a little bit of a blurb on it.

But basically like, Thank you. We just want to reiterate kind of what we pointed out in our rules that sports betting is a form of gambling and it carries inherent risks and that we're Like, maybe we could have like a guide on how to not be a degenerate gambler or like, but basically we just wanna focus on like, Um... These are the ways you can look at Gaming and sports betting to be more responsible use bankroll you manage your bankroll use a unit system and just like son And we're gonna just have some responsible gaming tips and then we're also just gonna have a little blurb that like sports Sports isn't always about betting.

There are more ways to find enjoyment from the game from every game like for example Saving money for your future every time your team plays with layup could be something that would be in your alley like if you're looking for a little break off the gambling and then just like Just like the aspect of like So. the smarter better approach don't approach your bets as gambles approach them as smarter decision like smart decisions that are backed by the data or the research that you have done or have had help from x research tool though and um but basically just want to um and also offer like a ticket option if they need a place to talk um but basically want to just focus on the responsible gaming aspect um and then announcements uh and then we're General chat channel category.

Basically just announcements is just general updates for the server. The daily poll, vote or rager on the poll to earn server karma. Daily free picks is just our daily free picks or DFS partner of the day. The general chat is just to talk about anything betting related.

And then after the general chat, community pics is just where you can share your slips with the community. And the green dial is where you can share your wins with the community. And then... Bad beats, share your near misses with the community. Near when your closenesses with the community. Selfies. Community. To claim a weekly reward.

And then yeah, we want to, and then our weekly rewards channel is going to be updated a little bit more, like what the actual rewards are.

Thank you. . Um, and then after the mat, that's the last channel there. Let me go grab a water real quick Check. Thank you. Thank you. Um... Okay, and then after that is our partners channel resources and partners.

So like basically the resources and partners section is just going to be where we can refer people to like, hey, look in this channel. Like and so basically the channel chat is where everybody can send messages and then the resources and partners section is like. where they could view things.

Um... Um...

Check out Like literally we just want people to help support the server by using our job outs code to on sign up with any of our partners.

And then the betting tips, That's just general like... Well, that's just like... Uh, Terms, tips, strategies, and resources. Terms, tips. Ciao. is to help along on your bedding. Journey.

And then the server guide is This needs to be updated.

But the server guide is just a guide of Where to find all channels in the discord? Okay, yeah, I guess like the rest of this will be updated with the server guide So, I'll make a