Thank you. Okay, so I need to set an agenda for this meeting so basically I think I wrote down a little bit about what this meeting needs to go like but I basically just need to give them What's going on? So hey, this is what I just built. Like we're right now I'm going to be working on the messaging and then also like, okay, so like, yeah, cool. Let me just see if I can screen share in this. Thank you.

Cool. All right, yeah, because I have like... Tons of monitors. Yeah, I'm just gonna keep this one up. Cool, that's like that. Hello? What's up Luke? Hey, Ed. Welcome back. Thank you. I figured out the screen share. Oh yeah, cool. This is your personal invite. Let me send this to you. So basically I'm just kind of getting that is everybody's invites are tracked in here. So you've got this one. So we'll basically have everybody joining in.

Tracked off that. What have you found to be like the best ways to get people in the server and like get invites out so right now actually i just paid 200 bucks for this um I'm really proud of this. This is gonna, like, it's gonna be really good. But we're gonna be... If you go to, I don't even know how to use this, but Sports Betting, we're just promoted as the number one on Okay, cool. I think it's, I'm expecting about 200 clicks.

So it'll be, no, I think. Uh... I think it took me 400 clicks at a... Like 50 cent cost per click, so it's not bad. Where is it?

Yeah. What's up, Caden?

What's up?

How's it going?

That's Sean Scott off work.

Damn, you just got off work? It's late. Yeah. I work it out back, so. Take some steak though. Yeah. That's right.

Let's see where these other West Coast guys are. I'll give him like three or four more minutes. I'll just give him like one or two more minutes and then we'll just go without him. It's all good. All right, we'll just go with that. So to set a little bit of an agenda, I am going to just give you guys a little bit of an overview of what I've been working on. developmentally wise then just gonna basically say how that just converts to overall engagement and then what it comes to like actually what you guys can do to help when it comes to this server being active and just conversions in general so just first off I'm gonna just give you guys another overview of the partners dashboard and I'm also gonna let you guys know who we're currently I hope to.

So while this information is currently displayed-oh, shit. With. Alright, fuck this Mac. But basically... I don't even know if you can still see this. Okay, cool. Basically, these are all of the partners that we have on right now. Let me just sort them. All right. So basically, these are all the partners we have. We have two bet tracking tools. One is Picket, one is Real, and then just these betting tools.

And we have integrations with all of our betting tools, which is basically why we only have four right now. We're pushing for if we get another betting tool partner, it'll be an integration. We have seven DFS apps right now, two funded account apps. Both of those are kind of like we haven't really done anything with. We don't promote Optimal that much anymore because they took away our integration.

And then we have two Offshore sports books which are my bookie and about 105 and then we have just the peer exchanges So we have profit X cut and Novick cut we might actually take cut off because they're they like give us like Like a dollar it's like the target they love So we might take them off our shit and then we we have a polymarket code, but it's not legal So we don't use it, but we really have also just six social sports books so we're going to release stimmy and Bronco sometime this week and those will both be eligible for both of you guys and so basically we're also reaching out to Currently we are reaching out to And then you guys will get access to the company home.

So while this still needs to be updated a little bit more, you'll have access to the goals and projects of what is going on business developmentally wise. But basically right now we're also reaching out to prospectsUm... So we are currently reaching out to drafters, STEMI, we have a STEMI code so that's in progress. Better we'll be reaching out to when I'm 21. EPIC we may be reaching out to. Got a Polymarket code.

Owner's Box we're looking into. 4CX is a social sports book that we're looking into. Baraco that we just signed. ParlayEye is a DFS app that we're looking into. tool that we're looking into. Is there any other apps that you guys either have heard of or used or just know of in this space? I also have Props Madness that isn't on this list. that I'm reaching out to, but anything else, do you guys have any ideas for?

I haven't heard of any other ones than the ones that are in the... in the partners tab. A few of these, too.

Luke anything?

I've really heard great things about any other ones.

Okay, so I guess likeOkay, so we don't have actually, the only company accounts we have right now are OddsJam and then DGF. So I'm working on getting our Outlier and our Props cash back, but basically, I know both of you, we can talk about this right now because I know both of you are ones that don't have OJJM or DGF right now. Is that correct, both of you? Oh yeah. Yep. So, Luke, do you do, I guess, now that you're in Cal, I guess both of you.

Either of you do...

props like DFS um like You're saying like, I like flip?

More like prize picks.

I don't do prize picks right now. but I have before. And I do use better as well, which I know you said you can't use to your 21. I can use it. I'm not 21 yet, but. Well, that's me. I use that. Oh, gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah, no, I use them as well. Hmm.

What about you Luke? CFS.

Uh, yeah, I don't... Like... I do too much link betting myself when I do, Yeah, he was... either PrizePix or Fliff for it and like DFS on both of them.

Okay. So, okay, so one thing is I will basically between You too. I will see. I might get you guys both a Daily Grind account if you want to take a look into DFS. Because I guess both of you are, and then I can only get one of you, Oddjam. So if one of you is super interested in Oddjam and, like, would take screenshots of the platform and share it, say something now. But otherwise, like, I'll plan on both getting you Daily Grind Fantasy.

I mean, I would probably use Odds Jam. I've wanted to use it before, I just never really like... Good.

Would you have any objections to Daily Grand Fantasy, Luke?

No, no, I'm down.

Okay, cool. So, all right. I have my AI meeting notes, taking a note. So I'll make that a follow-up to just get both of you set up in both of those accounts. Basically, another thing that I'll branch off into this in a second, but with those accounts, you don't really have to like actually place the bets or use them that much, but it's mostly just sharing the screenshots of the platform. I'm just like, if you can share that or say that, hey, it's an unofficial play, but I was looking at this and I really like this line on Odds that I found on Odds Jam.

I'm going to play it at half a unit personally. Like, for example, the NBA chat, that would literally be perfect. And it's like, even if it's not that official play, like just getting it out in that way is perfect. Does that make sense? Okay.

Yeah, I got you. Hmm.

Awesome. And then the second thing that I'm going to tangent off into is kind of like, let me actually pull up. I hate Max. You might hear me complain about Max like 20 times in this. Let me see. There it is. Basically, this is our EV alerts that we've been getting. And so right now, I'm currently processing them. So we get basically... We get a shit ton. So every day we get about 2,000 from DGF and then 600 from OddsChamp.

And so what I've been doing is going through, with my internship I have access to just like sports data API. So I have a little bit of the actual data. So like each of these is a bet and they say hey to take this and then I can go and say hey. 60% of the time that they're actually right 80% of the time so right now I'm going through and making filters for these so we like really get we get a ton of MBA bets but basically what I'm gonna getting at is here is I've been semi sharing some of the I've been semi-sharing some of the like just optimizer notifications off the filters I've been looking at in these channels.

Let me just get the bedding floor out in these channels for example. These are just completely unofficial, but these are just like they pass the filter that we've been looking at. So I've just been sending them out. But basically what I'm going to be doing is you can both use these as a reference picks however you want to, but they're going to be hopefully hitting at around 60 to 70% in these channels here when I release them.

Make the members aware of them and like if you could If you do when they start sending out like if you do find yourself like using them Try out the place this I place this bet feature. It's really like just pretty handy You can just say how many units you put on it and like youUm. But basically, one of the things that we're doing is we're going to start just getting a lot of our users to use this. And we get a lot of user data on this.

And so basically, this is going to be coming in for the EV. And so this will be, this is what I'm working on. And so like, I, I kind of like teased a little bit of it in the 2025 hockey EV. And like, I, I went through all of these and tracked how we did. So they're all in here. But basically you're going to be doing that. It should be up by when the NHL comes back from the break for NHL. And then I'm going to be focusing on like basketball and NBA and March Madness.

But basically with that being said, I'm also working on developmentally features of, I just released this. So kind of how I gave you guys your own custom invite link. Now all of those links are being tracked. This is super beta right now. Like this is just like the data isn't in our like main database right now, so we can't pull it. So basically, It eventually will say that hey they came from this domain So we'll just get a little more information on every user that joins the server And I'm actually just I'm not asking you guys to do this, but I'm also just telling you guys to make you aware But basically everybody that joins this server is one we're gonna say hey I know this person comes from the bot will transcribe this in a future iteration but for example this person came from the hive index and so they were also get a a server welcome ticket created for them and they've been starting to be created here.

And so basically going to start and This is where it would be applicable. On the weekends, for example, if you have some extra time or if you see some of these where somebody joined and maybe you were the one that invited them or just you see somebody joined to maybe say something in some of these tickets. And so you might not be quite added to them necessarily, but you won't be pinged either. Actually, you might be pinged.

I might ping staff for some of these tickets. automatically added to these. And so those are ways for if you're looking to help get conversions, these are the ways where you can talk to members. And I'm also going to, when I get a better understanding of the messaging system, I'm going to get a set of messaging just like down for you guys to copy paste. If you're going to ever chat in any of these channels to be like one, find out what are the pains that are they are facing?

IE like, are you, do you need help finding just App to place it on or you just like need help with bankroll management and then we can direct them to what we have resource wide in the server And then I would say the next the last thing that's coming is Just that we're going to be tracking so much more on every user I don't have any dashboards yet to show you guys, but I will for the next time but I basically every single member to be using our tools.

So right now, basically the only tool that we have live that is worth using is in the betting tips. So right now we have the bank robot and the betting tips. So Really, like, I guess like this week's goal for you two, if it could be to one, use this unit size calculator yourself. And two, if you have any members that you're talking to that ask you anything about units or anything, just like tell them that, hey, you should use this unit size calculator to figure out what your ideal unit size should be.

And we also just need the data. And then the last thing, and then I'm just going to leave it pretty open to just like talk about the future, is that we're going to start getting active on just more media sources. So just be very just The biggest part of getting active on social media is that the members need to have just an active place to come into. And we've been getting a lot better over the past few weeks just from getting the staff back on board and just getting back into the swing of things.

But the biggest part is actually the community engagement so that people who do join from these other sources are sticking around and do have a community to come into. you And that was basically the last thing on my monologue. And then now I just want to leave it to be pretty open to be like, do you guys have any questions about how we're trying to position or what we're doing business developmentally wise?

And then would you have any ideas on what we can be doing to do better? Um...

I know you showed that It was a interface that showed like the goals or like future partners if we're connected, denied, what not. What are we getting at, to that extent?

Good question. I actually, I thought it was going to be coming in the last release, but I honestly don't know. Basically, like, theoretically, I could give you all access right now, but there's a couple issues, like, with the actual software. Like, one, like, It's just like if I open one of these like It's all correct like the prospect name the email but like if I go back to this view it's all like wonky So one they need to fix their UI and then two like if I actually invite people to the team I don't have the permissions to do view only yet So I would want to give you guys no offense and I know you guys would they could not do anything to the content But it's more of just like the software is just like I'd finicky It's kind of not the best idea that I'm using this and trying to get things off the ground, but I really am in love with it.

They're going to have a lot of features that are going to be coming out that will help us just scale business context-wise. But I would say if I will send just screenshots, and I'm actually not going to do it tonight because I'm having technical issues. My computer doesn't connect to the internet. My apartment's internet, and it's actually a foot of snot. I don't know if that has anything to do with it.

My hotspot's going right now, but I'll send screenshots and information, and then I have to get together docs. I was just only waiting because I had my last call tonight, but I'll get together docs where I'll send basically out all of the information about just what I've talked through for everybody, like, for example, the staff bonus, and then I'm also not only going to put the partner information in this database, I'm also going to put it in a doc.

Send that all to you as well. But I would say for this, honestly, I'll push them again and say, hey, we'll be in the next release because we really need this. But I would say like maybe one to two weeks. Okay. What else? What else? Luke, any questions, ideas, or anything?

Not right now. Start using the like in server tools and stuff. If I have any like issues, I'll let you know, but I don't have any questions or anything right now.

Awesome. Okay, so, oh yeah, the last thing is, like, on the tools, these will be coming soon. I'm currently, like, learning how to... like use AI and code into our database but basically I have a couple calculators that I'll be adding into the server and then also one more really cool thing is I don't know if you guys would use this or not but like I'm gonna take Raina's bet for example Actually, let me...

I think I already might have taken Reina's bet, so I don't want to take her bet again. So I'm going to take this bet. I'm working on with my internship. I'm working on building this um Um... So, like, oh shit, let me paste them back. Oh, there you go. Basically, like, if I send this to this, It tracks it for me and I can say That like... Hit 1, or I can add a tag, like this is from a friend. That's cool.

and it automatically tracks it and then If I get this... It's in like... I can like actually say, uh... This leg, Taylor Fritz won actually so I could just mark this as a win And I'm one out of two legs in this. But. So we might get a Discord integration into the server for this. That's sweet. Yeah, I can I can also do this where I can like share that last bet. I think it's just like one. Yeah, let me share with Units.

Yeah, and it shows Taylor as a win. Oh yeah. Anyways Yeah, so that's, this is another bot that'll be, um, we'll be, we'll, I'll bring that soon. I don't know when I'm allowed to release it, um, for like general public use, but I'm really excited about it. That's neat. That's cool. Yeah, so if They don't make it, I don't know. I don't know what I'm going to do. Like, I don't know what I'm going to do with tracking and everything.

I might have like, I'm basically just going to make AI do all of our tracking, so it's like all easy anyways. We'll have to see. Oh yeah, and then the last thing is, JP might not have done this today. Yeah, we didn't get the poll today. Uh, yeah, yesterday night, yeah. So I'll do a better job of stepping in when he doesn't do it, but can you guys make sure to vote on the daily poll? Just like kind of goes with the kind of the value, receiving value and giving a reaction kind of goes along with that aspect.

Yeah, for sure. Awesome. Yeah. Awesome. And then the last thing is For both of you, since you guys are in heavy DFS legal states, When I release these filters or like just like in general, if you don't have any of these apps and you want to just try out and you usually get bonuses on most of them. So feel free to check out like our actual partners page. But please tell me if you actually sign up for any of them and I will make sure to give you the number of points.

And also if you sign up for them, you get double points. them. Sweet. And then Like, I guess like the last thing I'll touch on is Just for trying to grow. Really, we've been and We're not expanding into social media yet just because it is a lot of effort and I'm looking for just like just to get more grounded in our like mission and education and like the value that we are providing um i want to prove that we're we just we need to get more active um before we start spending money and doing um that aspect um but what we have been doing is kind of guerrilla marketing um so if you guys have any guerrilla marketing ideas um i would love to hear your thoughts but like basically one thing that we have is if you go to the official drafting server um basically like they don't you can't see anybody in any of the channels.

So like... I don't know why there's more people in there, but basically, If you just look on this, you can click on my profile and it has an invite link. So I'm tracking everybody that comes in through the DraftKings Discord through this link. So it's kind of like a, I think we've found like 50 joins and it's like a $3 per month. And half the joins have been bots to be fair, but like it's $3 per month to do this.

And so if 25 of the joins are real, then that is a really good ROI. Um... So like, we're doing stuff like that and then we have the flip flop server where it's still kinda cranking. Um... I think we get like How do I go to the bottom? Yeah, we get like four per day. I don't know, we get one or two per day. But like, it's not bad. I'm in that server too. Yeah, it's like, I mean, anybody who joins instantly just comes to our server, so.

So yeah, do you guys have any ideas for like guerrilla marketing? Not really.

I mean, I... I feel like you've got a good basis of it. Yeah, I don't have any other.

But if I think of something, I'll be sure to let you know. Okay, sounds good. And just, like, really open-minded and also just, like... Honestly, we've been doing pretty cheap things. And they have been working in the effect of They don't call. cost much and it's a really good ROI in that aspect but we're just looking basically to find that one really good place that we can just put like five to ten grand of ad spend into and get a good ROI on that.

Oh, yeah. Just got to make sure it's... Burns.

Yep. Like we're going to probably spend two months validating our sources before we spend a month spending. But that's kind of I don't have like too much more I'll have more of just Dash like I'll have a lot more dashboards wise to just like Show you guys next time and then you should have access to the content soon. So you guys will have just like that aspect of knowledge. But mostly just wanted to give you a little bit of an update of like, this is what's been going on.

And it has been a little slow to get a lot of these things done. But we've now that we've got them, like for example, the welcome tickets for every member. I'm going to be trying to stay on top of that as much as possible. aspect so if you guys are just have a free second to look through any of them and say hey i'm i do mlb or i do mba let me uh like let me know if you have any questions that'd be absolutely amazing Thank you.

Yeah, I gotcha. I gotcha.

Awesome. All right, I'll let you guys go. Thank you so much for just taking the time tonight.

Of course.

All right. And just shoot me a text if you need anything. Yep. All right, bye-bye. And just shoot me a text if you need anything. Yep. All right, bye-bye. See you guys. ♪