projects that I need to start to add.

Absolutely, that makes perfect sense. So here's how we can roll with it.

I'll guide you through listing out all the projects you want to include in your Notion backlog template. Then once we've got that initial list, I'll double check with you to see if there's anything missing. After that, we can go project by project and I'll ask a couple of extra questions to help you flesh out all the details for each template. So to kick things off, let's just start by having you list the projects you think you need template score.

Once you tell me that, we'll see if we need to add any others. Okay, so let's just start getting that list together. So one is I need to update the partner promo bot. That needs to be updated. Two is our weekly rewards needs to be updated. The whole channel and just like what we actually give. The ticketing system needs to be updated. As in like I just need to build out the space for the tickets and then also set up the exit and welcome tickets to make sure that they're properly working.

And then the greened out channel, I need to do a project around that for both possibly just Um... For both, like, counting how many people have sent winners and then also And also just like reacting to the messages, I wanna do that. And then I wanna get a project, this is kind of like personal but drop out of the gens of getting my USB stick to be in a place that auto updates so I can just keep my, Important personal and like operational DD context in one place on my hard drive and then have it update to my USB I want to add a responsible gaming channel Update our responsible gaming resources and make sure we have a good policy in place.

I want to a website improvement part of this is like checking out on the lab website to look at the animations and also just expanding our framer pages and then also you the admin dashboard as a part of that and then social media is a project that needs to be done for me email marketing And then let's see Um... Adding our transactions and everything and information into the database that needs to be a project adding our expenses to the database that needs to be a project and then just like tracking partnership conversions and being able to turn those into better statistics that needs to be a project and I think like I could be missing some more things but I guess like that's just the general sense of everything that I want to start get getting done and putting into this project scopes do you think there's anything I could be missing based on like Dropout D-Gen's context?

All right, that's a great list to start with. You've covered a lot of ground from the partner promo bot updates to the responsible gaming channel and website improvements. So we have a nice range of tasks. Now, to make sure we're not missing anything big, let me ask you just a couple of quick questions for extra context. First, are there any ongoing or seasonal dropout DGENs events that need their own templates or planning spaces?

For example, any special events, seasonal promos, community milestones that might need their own project template. Second, do you have any upcoming collaborations or new feature launches for Layup that might need their own templates so you can keep everything organized there as well? Once we cover those angles, we can be pretty confident that we've got the full list. Then we can dive into scoping each one out.

Um, So the only thing like that I want to maybe add to this is Is updating our invite links to be revolving and automatically just switching out? Just having that in As a project would be good and then let's just go to starting to talk about the projects So for all the projects basically I want to just mention a little bit of for each of these Let me let me just open this up and tell you what I want to talk about I want to talk about the opportunity like why matters to us and our users With which is basically just like the high level goal or problem that we're trying to solve Like does this improve retention conversions like just what is it and then what is being built?

What exactly this feature is, a bot, a feature, a channel, or an experiment, like why is it being created, and everything that's spelled out for its creation. How will it work, like how will we build it, and how will our users interact with it? Like the interaction flow from our user side and also just Thinking of the interactions that we would have with it the KPI impact basically is what metric will this project impact?

Which KPI will this influence and how will we measure success? And then the potential of just like why this matters long term and what future projects or opportunities could this unlock? So just like kind of thinking to the future of what I can do next and what it starts to unblock for us. And so I guess also some of the things that I'd want to also include in that is some of the broader next steps that can be turned into tasks when this is actually scoped out.

And so for the Partner Promo Bot, let me just start by talking a little bit about the... Opportunity so like why does this matter? so The Partner Promobot will help us to increase our conversions across our partners. So it'll allow users to just go in and add their state and their age range. For example, I live in New York and I am 18+ or I am 21+ and it will show them all of our partnership offers that are available to them.

So for example, if I say that I'm 18+ and in New York, it will show all of the social sports books and all of the offerings that are available to the 18+ members in New York. And what this does is it kind of helps us to eliminate some of the just noise and all the partners that we have since we do have like around 20 offers we wanted to make it extremely abundantly clear for our users which ones are available to them and so once we are able to do that it will also help us increase our conversions because it will just remove the amount of choices that people have in front of them which means they'll be more inclined to do one of them and then also it will be just Like, it'll just be...

And a really good place for us to start scaling our Premium aspect of, hey, you sign up for any of our partners and you get free access to our premium. And so that's kind of what is allowing us to do. And it'll be improving our conversion. So what is being built? It is a bot. No, it's part of our bot. It's an interaction with our bot. It's like a... It's already built right now. So it's like right now where I'm not really focused about, in this part of the project, I'm not focused on the building of the bot.

I'm more focused on now that it's built, I want to improve the actually interactions that you can have within the bot. So like we have a claim section. So you can see what offers that you've already claimed or like definitely see what's available to you. And then also like, for example, updating the emojis inside the bot. So that's something that I want to add onto this project scope. But basically this will just be updating the Partner Promo Bot to look and feel and be a better converter for our members.

It will not be an update to the core functionality since that is already built and perfect. It will just be like the vanity aspects of adding in our Partner Promo logos and some of the assets that we have. And so how will it work? So basically it will be a... User interaction, I'm really just not gonna go too deep into this. I don't think this is the most important part to update in the scope, but essentially they'll have their own interaction with the bot and a message that will be able to be dismissed and only available to them for every time they interact with it.

So basically we want to make the interactions easier for them to just convert when it comes down to knowing what they're gonna get from our partner, from us, and actually putting that into play. And so, What metric will this impact? So we're going to measure success from this will be both how many people are using it, so total usage, and then also just our conversions to see if this has an impact on our overall conversions through our partnerships.

So that'll be just the overall impact. measure of that and then the potential for why this matters long term. is this will let us easily scale. It'll be so much easier to scale for us when it comes to just the When I say scale, it'll make it so much easier to scale on our conversions. It'll be a lot easier for us to actually get people to convert. And actually, we'll learn a lot more about our demographics of users because now we can go from saying, hey, check out all of our partners in this channel to, oh, okay, use this to see what's available for you.

So it actually goes from more of a broad blanket page to a personalized aspect. So this really just unlocks Okay. a lot of opportunities when it comes to how we offer free access to the premium and then also just Enables us to kind of scale the price of our premium a little bit better and faster And then the next steps so what needs to be updated in this project? Okay, so what actually needs to be done?

So basically what needs to be updated in here? I'm pulling it up right now. So give me one second while it opens but basically it needs to have The... all of the partner emojis updated. It needs to have The details pages I didn't... All of the partner images added to the details page and you need to make it easier to make the link Um, Make the link somewhere easier to access. Um For example, just make the dabble, the name clickable in the partner promos page under unclaimed promos.

I'll leave a screenshot of it, but I just want to make this name a hyperlink. And so and I also want to bold it And then that'll be basically once those two things are updated then this will be published in the final thing so it has three next steps. Emojis. Oh wait, emojis, links, um... Partner assets, then the last step would be to publish in a to publish in a to publish in a, what's it called? to publish in the free access channel.

Okay, so then the next project that I want to talk about is the weekly rewards. So this one is a lot easier because one, again, it's already built so I can just talk through just a high level opportunity. So basically this will help us allow our users to just engage and interact more with the community and just gain a free thing for being Being They'll just gain a free But... Every week they just get a chance to claim a discount for their all access and right now it's set up as just either they can claim a discount or get a chance to win a free free possible days of all access so right now I want to update it to just make it Ugh.

I just want to update it to... So for the weekly rewards, I really just want to update it. To mostly remove The... Okay, and I'm turning that off so I can just do that. Um, but... I just want to mostly update the weekly rewards to add karma into one of the rewards and then also add a way to refresh your weekly rewards timer with karma. So this will just kind of bring in a loop of being able to actually Get something back in karma, which makes it make sense to pay for your reward in karma because it relates to our karma system.

But basically that'll be... My thoughts are there, but it's just gonna improve customer interactions within the Discord. So what's being built, it's already built again, it's a bot, it's part of our It's just a weekly rewards command in our bot. So what I want to update is the prize distribution. So the prize distribution updates will be is what needs to be updated. And those will be just disclosed individually when I get to this project.

Just make an asterisk for it that it will be. These need to be disclosed from DACT. So I'll disclose them when I actually build out the template for this project on them, because I have to figure that out. But how it will work is basically they just get to They just get too... Use the command of weekly rewards and Get a spin and get the reward. So they get to interact with it in the way that they have a dashboard kind of come up that is also hidden to them when they use the command and they get to see what the possible rewards are and then also just I want to add in there.

The ability to refresh your timer to spend karma to refresh your timer so it'll be like 500 karma to refresh your timer And then you'll also have like a 25% chance of getting 500 karma back or something like that but that'll be basically that and then the KPI impact is this will Will be measuring from again volume like how much people are using this and then also the impact of just engagement like yeah, so That's really just measuring that.

So how much people use it is how we're measuring this. And then it doesn't really have that much potential. I would just say it really just unlocks us to do more with karma and our weekly rewards and actually get people to be more active on a weekly basis. So it is important, but it doesn't have that much potential. So the next steps for this are to determine what the new prize distribution is. Then also add in a way to refresh your timer with karma and then also just publish those updates So that would be the three next steps for those and then The next thing is the ticketing system all of that out of this we'll come back to this so the green doubt bot so this one is Or like let me just call it the green doubt channel I want to do something with this channel because it's really important to us So let me just talk about the opportunities.

Why does this channel matter to us and our users? Um, this is a channel that where our users we our community just shares our winning slips so it's important for us because it's a And it's also kind of a place for us to measure how successful our community has been doing in the recent like X periods. So one So what does this improve? This just like improves the overall Like Um. It will help us improve our social media aspect, but it also just like improves the overall Just user noticing towards the discord and like how people are So the next thing I'd like to say on that.

So what would we actually like to do on this? So what needs to be built? So one there's a couple things that need to be done about this so one I need to I want to basically track all the greened out ones So one thing that I need to do is just catalog this as how much has been won in our GreenDAO over X, over the, I need to just update this period because I have it from 2023, but I need to get the 2024 and 2025 data before it's too late.

So you need to, I need to find out how to get that or like just calculate and add up all the wins in the GreenDAO channel for all of these previous months. And then I also need to, Update the greened out Like... Media, like we have a camera graphic that would need to be updated with how much people are winning, just with our updated logo and stuff. But, and I also want to build an NAN integration where everybody's message would get just reacted to automatically by dropout degens with a fire and money bag emoji, just to show some community support and just start seeding reactions.

But basically that's kind of My thoughts around that. And then also like with that NAN interaction, if they're, that brings in the possibility to categorize or like take in every single message. And usually there's screenshots. So I would have to figure out a way to actually derive the final dollars one in the screenshot, which might be it's like whole own project in its own. But that would be what I'd be thinking on is what unblocks the NAN opportunity.

Like thinking on that aspect, How will it work? Um... It will just be it won't be anything our users interact with it'll just be something that is kind of for us on the back end so the NIN Green Dial Bot will just Every time a message is sent in the channel. It'll just react to it That's pretty easy and then possibly if we are if I'm able to figure out a way to Figure out the dollar value in each screenshot, then it would Basically be doing that math for me otherwise It wouldn't but the other thing I'd have to do you The other thing that would work is every month I would need to figure out a system for just calculating how much is sent in that channel.

And so, and it would also be posted on social media. So what metric, so how will we measure success? So I'll just measure success by the number of... months that I'm able to collect correct information from. So right now we probably have like, well, Dropout DGens has been operating for about 20 months now, so I probably only have five months of data. So if I'm able to get 20 out of 20, that's a great result as a KPI.

But If yeah, so That's how we'll measure success and then potential why why this matters long term is basically This will just, one, it's... It's super important because it's like from everything I've already mentioned but like This will help us to just We need to surface these numbers more and this will help us actually get these numbers surfaced. And we need to share them on social media and for example for our three years now we can go back and say oh my gosh people have won 1.5 million dollars or shared 1.5 million dollars in flip wins in Discord for example.

But yeah, so then The next thing, the next project Um...

Let's do... Let's do the responsible gaming channel So this will be Um... So basically I don't know really what I want to do for this channel, but it's important for us and our, um... Us, because as we're positioning to be more of the... And again, I'll reference the vision and mission documents that I'm I'm not speccing out for this, but... I'll reference those documents, but basically as we're kind of shifting to the positioning of hey this is the sports betting community where we want to give you access to the knowledge and tools and like our approach with the partnerships is not hey use our code on FanDuel and you'll get a $10 free bet it's no use our code on FanDuel because well not only will you get that $10 free bet but you'll be able to use that free $10 on a bet that is more advantageous to you and we'll tell you when you're able to find that bet I'll show you how to find that in the future because of the tools that we have our discord and also we can connect you to so that'll be kind of the I'm kind of focusing on the teaching aspect We want people to be responsible and it like it's a super dangerous space if people aren't able to set limits for themselves and kind of experience the downfalls of gambling but It's important for us as a positioning to establish kind of like, hey, these are the resources we have available to get you connected with.

For example, the way I envision this responsible gambling channel is like, these are the methods you can use to monitor your gambling and gamble more responsibly. For example, use a bankroll. tracking system, using unit system, using bankroll management, like all of that thing, like, And here's some good videos to watch and then also like here's a phone number to call and then here's also like sports isn't also always about gambling like there are other ways to enjoy the the props and markets of sports without gambling and we can link Layup as a sports saving app.

So save money every time your favorite team plays instead of betting on them. And we can link Layup in there as another responsible gaming aspect we have. But I really just want that channel to be both a resource of, hey, this is how you should approach gambling to become more responsible. And then it should also have the resources of the aspect of, hey, okay, now that you understand this, Here are the resources that you can now use to put this into practice.

And so it'll be a channel is what it's being built and then everything just needs to be spelled out and put into that channel. So how it worked, it'll just be that read-only channel for the users to read and it'll probably have just like a couple of those links. I don't envision it being having like a bot or anything in there other than maybe our Partner pro or like our bankroll suggestor a unit finder bot but Not really important, but the KPI impact, I'll just measure the successes like that.

Um. This channel has like enough resources and information linked on it. Like... The success should be measured on the depth that I go in with this information. And so the potential. So why does this matter long term? This really just helps us establish our positioning and reinforce our positioning also with just where we are in the sports betting market. resource first, it'll allow us to really just Um...

And we'll also have like a place to talk I'm gonna add a ticket in there as well so like if you need somewhere to talk like our staff is always available and a resource for you and Like, can help you get connected to the resources you need. Like, that's just how I envision that channel being. Um, and then... The next steps are just like one I need to create a list of resources, two I need to create a list of responsible gambling habits, and then three I need to just populate the tent channel and add a ticket to it.

So that's just the three next steps for that. That's pretty easy as a project. And then okay so website improvement. So let me just go back and talk about the opportunity for this more. So why does this matter to us? Because we don't really use our website too much right now. And it should be one of our driving landing pages because it can help to portray the information that we want really well. So basically, I should take another look at the Layup website and both the transitions and how the content and the story is told on the website and kind of just try to apply some of that to our website in a redesign and also just Like...

As we As we are pushing towards this again positioning that we are moving towards it should also reflect on our website and with one of the also kind of sub additions to this is an admin section of our website and so people with the who have logged in through the admin dashboard can go ahead and log into it I want an admin side of the dashboard so basically I want to know Yeah, like, just... I just want dashboards.

I want to be able to see my statistics, but in our own website.

And that's where it'll be hosted and everything. So next.

is like Honestly, we'll skip this as a skip as a project for now. This needs more. But basically the next thing I probably want to do is The next thing I want to do as a project is... Updating our operating income and expenses to be in our database. So I need to, that should just be a project as just like finances. So it's both operating expenses and Income, so it's like subscriptions. So I wanna be able to put everything when it comes to But let's just say for now to start with The Right now we'll start with subscriptions from WAP and Stripe and we can skip the partnerships because partnerships aren't as important to me right now because those are a little bit more spread out but I want to have all of our subscription information in the in our backend.

And so that should go from all the way to from like when we first started basically. I want all of our data. So it needs a couple of Stripe connections and a WAP connection. And then I also want to add our expenses into the database. So I have our expenses for the past two years and they should also just be categorized. But this needs to be spelled out a little bit more when the actual project gets tasks expect but basically like all of our expenses should be in there and they should be we should know if it's an operating or an advertising or subscription expense who's paying for it and who really like And all that good stuff.

I mean, like, yeah. And... like because this will allow us to one build out the admin dashboard and then also just kind of get some of the statistics and just an easier place for me to manage and then So I guess we need to understand all the different projects that need to be scoped.