when you switch plans that automatically Or at least that's what they told me.

That's what Randall told me, who's like the customer service person, that if I use like an affiliate that it would... Carry over. So, yeah. If it does if if you don't have like money from the affiliate then I think you might maybe let him know but Yeah, actually, what's your email on that? This is the same one I sent. I'll just send it again. This is your normal one. Yeah.

But like, One, I think we should get partnership revenue from that and then I can claim that. I'll give you a bonus on that as well so you'll get extra kickback. I actually don't know because we haven't had a single conversion on them ever. And... I see. Yeah, so says we don't have any conversions. I'll have to off the text Randall about that If you need like a...

If you need him to like text me or like forward something to me, just go for it.

Yeah, yeah, I will. I mean, I'm sure they'll be able to. figure it out and It won't be that big of a thing. But when it comes time to redo, We basically have a company account, so I can get you access to the company account around then. And so like the big thing about Like, the platforms and the partners is basically I'm trying to get JP to use, oh no, actually I didn't get a company account yet for Props Madness, so he's not using it yet.

But like JP is going to be sending pics or screenshots of Props Madness around. But like basically the whole positioning we're trying to be taking is kind of more of like the, these are how you use our partnerships, like both the sites themselves and our integrations. But we both want our members to kind of like also learn on the integration so that they can eventually just upgrade to the sites because they just are more expensive inherently.

Okay. And like, we just want to encourage that we are like using the research and tools and just like the aspect of putting the tool out there for them to just be like, ooh, what is that? Just more and more. And also the other thing is I know you don't have very many book access or very much book access. Well, you have DFS, right?

I have DFS and then I have offshores. So that's a big reason too why I bought the Platinum version of Algezine. for DFS For her both for DFS and for offshore offshore books now Let me actually show you this real quick.

Let me see. I actually don't use this because I hate them. Oh, no. I used their AI tool for, like, literally a year.

I kid you not. I kid you not. My thing is this for DGF is going to expire tomorrow, and I'm going to cancel because it is, like, kind of useless having both.

Yeah. They're the same thing, by the way.

Yeah. Yeah, no. They literally are.

The thing is this is kind of also done with the Platinum version of the EV.

was literally only the EV2 you can get through the DFS app. But you can like user low hold like I haven't brought up some can use our low holds page and like It'll have a lot of the same place That's interesting.

Like, this is... Oh my gosh. Did they fix their flip EV? That would be fire. But do you use their AI slip generator?

That's the only thing I have from them that like that's the that's I literally can't I'm gonna cancel it really like tomorrow because you know Yeah, I know.

I have. I had a promo. I think it was... It was like a 500...

deposit match from underdog and I turned that into like two and a half grand I think damn okay that's good Because I was telling the flip picks for like actually six to eight months and I think I did not hit a single part like I deadass was using the daily dollar and putting one like or two like I never...

I did that before. I did it with Rebet. Same thing. I never hit. I hit a couple, but it didn't look like it was going to be profitable.

I decided to do just underdog and PrizePix has also been kind of iffy for me. Underdog is the one that has worked, but PrizePix, the rest I haven't really had as much success with. Like I mentioned, if you literally... Go to the top underdog play. Can you go on the Locals page on Auditon? Yeah, probably. Yeah Yeah, go to-it's more tools. It will hold and then just sort to put it. It says where you have credit put an underdog.

Yeah No, no, no, no, no. Type out underdog because there's like a... Huh. Go to your filters on the right. The one next to the plus. All right. Yeah, right there, right there, yeah.

It's not letting me click anything.

Not the arrow, the thing next to it. Right there, yeah, sportsbook, whatever. This? Yeah, the gear. Yeah. Sportsbooks? Scroll down to... Yeah, look up underdog. It's weird, why is it when they don't gotta--I might be in New York, that's why. Is Thunderdog now legal in New York?

I'm pretty sure it is, but...

Oh, you're up here. Oh yeah. Okay, it's whatever. The point I'm trying to make though is if you look up on this page, and then you compare it to DGF, you're going to run into a lot of the same plays. Yeah, no, it should say, like, here, I'll screen share. Just real quick, because I know this is kind of like a tangent, but... So I have it here. So I have it here right underdog fantasy six pick I What's up?

Your shit's still hurting. Okay.

Kiss you or It's still, uh...

Okay, I'll let you guys know. Okay, wait, hold on.

Ah shit, my Discord just bugged out. down Now it's still loading. Got some ass Wi-Fi over there in Cali.

Dude, my fucking dorm has the worst Wi-Fi known to man, dog.

I went back to my... I thought it was bad at my house. I went back to my house over break and that thing had like five times the speed. Like, we have 50... Like, go do a speed test right now on your thing. I'm at 50 and they call this shit high-speed internet.

That's so funny. I definitely get like at least 300. Gimme that. Oh shit.

See, that's fucking amazing. 150. Yeah, it's not bad. Yeah.

Yeah. Stream failed to start.

Okay, I'll just screen share, but... I mean, I'll just take a screenshot. But yeah. You can just keep going, I'll send the mid-conversation.

Yeah, but basically with... Ajjan and oh my gosh my whole like Oh my gosh. All right, my computer's like just, Yeah but Basically, yeah, we just want to send more screenshots. We just want to, and then more screenshots of like apps. And especially because, and it's not as applicable to you because it sucks that you don't have any of our social partners. But like as many of the apps as possible because just the more opportunities for somebody to say, oh, I will tell that on that app is another opportunity to get the conversion on our code.

And so, I will also make this a little more clear to you. But basically, I will send you some documentation as well. But I think I explained this a bit last time, but we're going to have a 5% bonus for the staff just for conversions. And so all of our partners, and I can actually show you this right now, you're going to get access to this at some point in the near future. All 30 of our partners are listed in this database and they get points or and you get points for a conversion on any of our partners.

And so basically, if you get somebody to sign up for underdog, then you all you have to do is just send a screenshot or not a screenshot. Yeah, just send a screenshot of their sign up just as proof of it and then tag the actual person who signed up. you and then I will just mark a check mark to it at the end of the month when I'm doing my things just to verify it. Then I'll count up everybody's points.

For example, if it's a $100 bonus, that 5 percent turns into $200 and you have seven out of the 10 points, you'd get $70 out of that bonus. Okay. All right. And so the second thing out of that is, I might have mentioned this last time as well, but your invite link, I'm going to be explicitly tracking everything that comes in the server from that link. So we're going to be, we're going to have basically a different link for the invite link.

for every single, like, Uh. like every single source that So we have so many in my links, but we're just gonna be tracking so we know that everybody who comes is from Uh, DraftKings server and anybody who comes through this source is coming through the Fliff server. So like we know generally who, where everybody is joining from.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. You mentioned that last time, yeah.

Yeah, and then so the next thing we're going to do out of that is we're building our partner Promobot out more. So we have all of our partners listed here right now, blah, blah, blah. But basically the biggest thing out of this is we're going to be Um. adding an interaction so that every time somebody marks it as claimed, this offer as claimed, it'll create a ticket for them, like an individual ticket in the free access channel.

And they will be able to just one, send the proof in there and then we'll be able to, it'll open up a moderator command as well for them to just automatically apply those seven free days to the user. And so it'll make the conversions a little bit easier. Hmm. Yeah. And so, like...

Is this, um... Well, I forget what his name is. Uh... But like, uh... What's his name? Bellcube? Yes, yes. Is he going to do that, or what's up?

Yeah, I'm gonna be building out some of it and then he's gonna be finishing it and putting the rest into prod like I built these we just need to get them into the bot and our bot Mm-hmm. But basically... Yeah, like we just need to get these into our bot. That's one of the tasks that we have on this play right now. But basically... Once all of this is done, not necessarily the mostly the welcome tickets are what we're waiting on, not the server, not the free access interaction.

But once the server welcome tickets are ready, we're going to be basically every new person who joins the server is going to be messaged. And it's going to be like some of them will need like if you're available and can message in any of the unanswered tickets, that would be great. I'm going to be doing a pretty good job of when it comes out of actually managing and trying to convert through the tickets.

All right, all right.

Yeah, so there isn't that much for community engagement-wise. Like, right now, there's just... Like that Bublé dog is here and like Porusan and Nanu. But basically like I'm going to be individually messaging a lot of people to get them back. And the important part is just like when I message these people and get them back, I'm giving them free access was the first thing. But the second thing is we actually just need to retain them while they're here.

So like when you actually like have the time, And it's going to be a slow start to start, especially since we're just not... as active in the Super Bowls in two days. So it's going to be a bit of a slow start. But I'm also going to be releasing the EV by hopefully middle of the month. So that should help off with when we kick off our marketing. And then do you have any questions on that for that?

Yeah, so I was kind of wondering, as, like, for my role specifically at the moment, is it, or do you want me to just be sending out plays, or do you want me to, like...

be making like Betting education as well, like little stuff like that in there, or what's up? What are you specifically looking at?

So, like, the betting education really comes a lot in the aspect of just talking to the members. I would say, like, it really could be seen when O Sweater was asking a lot of questions. Like, he, like... he is very uneducated better, so talking to him and just answering his questions would be one of the things. But yeah, educational content would be however you see fit. And if that would just be like, hey, Like, that's what I'm talking about when it comes to like, you could do this in, for example, the NBA channel, you just send a screenshot of your, I don't know how you use, I don't use Odds Jam.

So like, however you use it for it, just take a screenshot and say, I'm taking it because of this on Odds Jam. I also send it in my channel, but like, this is actually why in the NBA channel. Okay. Um. And then like the, just like the last part is just like, if you could send screenshots of your bets whenever possible, like that's just going to be... Better, like, just as good as it can be. Like even if you're not like that confident if you don't want to share like the dollar amount, that's fine but just like we See the apps more like just screenshots of different apps and you have an advantage Well, I wouldn't say that you have an advantage to me in comparison, but uh for having all the most of the DFS apps Okay.

Okay.

And so then the last thing I'm just gonna end off with is so I don't remember what I offered you last time we talked But I want to base all the analysts at 2% of the monthly subscription revenue and it gets paid out of as 280 of just like well, it's the same thing so um but Basically after the It's the same thing because you get two 80th and you get 100% of the two 80th. So but you get I'm going to base you at 2% of the monthly subscription plus partnership revenue.

And I'm going to say right now we're projected probably like low 300s to 400s to for subscription revenue. We're going to pivot to the $50 a month starting March, I believe. Like I want to do it in mid of the month, but I don't know if I'm going to. is actually working and we might need a little bit of time to make sure it's working. So like, Early March is the latest for $50 a month. So then I don't really have an estimate about that for now, but I'll give you another projection for next month.

I'm going to be claiming at least $600. It's a little less than $600 in partnership revenue. Actually, I'm going to make sure it's less than $600 for the tax reasons. Actually, I don't even know if that matters. I didn't even see it until last month.

I'm going to claim it this month because I'm going to be paying everybody this month.

So basically, we're going to be projected for at least $1,000 in revenue. And so one of the things I'm going to be putting in place is going to be... just four year base of 2%. I will ask that you either you must get five conversions. And so another thing that I'm going to mention as a conversion is anyone who joins the server from your link and if they join premium, even if it's through the free days, that counts as three points because that gets them in our premium system and that is a conversion for us.

So anybody who joins up your link, you'll get three points for it once they are added to our membership members table. Does that make sense?

Mm-hmm. Okay.

However, the three out of X points works in the 5% staff bonus. But I will say the 2% has a minimum or has a requirement of just five conversions. And I'm going to try it this month just to really try to get everybody on the same page that we need to be getting conversions to be making revenue together. Okay.

Yeah, I agree. I think... I think that's fair.

Yeah, and I really don't see it being a big issue, especially because I really want conversions to be happening a lot. So literally everybody who signs up once into our all access is going to get that conversion. So that's going to be a lot of easy conversions if you have your link posted anywhere. But also just like the fact of those people, when they actually get into our all access system, you have the secondary of, I'm going to be working very hard to try and get them converted because they're going to have a ton of more tickets created because they're in because They just claimed their free access once.

Okay. Do you have any other questions for that?

Uh, R-R-Reminder, you said that, that, um, ticket system should be set up by when?

By March?

Uh, honestly, it should be set up by, like, last weekend. I'm so sorry. I don't know if you can hear me right now, but I'm probably going to put it in, like, No, you're good.

You're good. Yeah, that's all right. Uh, but...

It should have been up like last weekend. So honestly, I don't have a date, but it is literally ASAP for me. It is as soon as I can get Zach on the phone and in a call with me, I'm going to be having him update that for us.

Okay, and then my last question is just with layup Are you like a part of their team or like how'd you get in touch with these guys?

like Yeah, I'm an intern for them. Your intern? Okay. Yeah, so I reached out for actually like a school project. So, I don't even know. How did this happen? Yeah, so... I reached out to them or yeah I found their app somehow on some somewhere so I just asked them for a code a while a while back and they got me a code and we had like a whole meeting about it and it was like nothing and then I just I got them a few referrals but nothing big and for a class actually an entrepreneurship class I was like I need to interview entrepreneurs so I reached out to them and I was just taking notes on like just my pen and paper notes.

And they were like, we like how you take notes. Would you like to be an intern? And so, yeah.

That's crazy.

I just kind of got my internship from that.

Crazy word. Okay. Nah, I fucked with it. I fucked with that. I respect the grind.

They're doing a lot in the sports betting space right now. They're going to try to build... I don't know what we're doing with our product, but it's definitely going to be a lot more tailored to sports bettors is what they're trying to do. Uh-huh.

Yeah, yeah, nah. I think it definitely has a lot of potential.

You weren't in the call, but they were talking about...

Like how they wanted to... Add like a tax system into their software. I thought that was really interesting because nobody really does that, but... Um...

Yeah, they've talked about that.

Yeah, I got Huddy. That's in sub. He was being a little bit hard about it, but I finally got him to get in touch. And you've seen how he's been messaging. So I think he said Monday. Uh, He's not on talk, so.

Yeah, I got him scheduled on Monday at 4. So that's good. Thank you. Do you know if you have one more? Because then I think it would be a little bit easier for me to get you, like, just another $50 gift card.

I can try. I can definitely try. I have a couple people. I would just have to reach out to them.

That'd be, that'd be gas. Cause I know we're, we're like kind of booked for, for next week, but the week after we'll probably have some more space for calls. So like, you can probably like wait a little bit, but I'll make sure to stay.

If anything, just remind me, just remind me next week and I can, uh, I can start looking then just so that people Because I mean if it's more, you know spontaneous I think it's more likely they'll say yes, then if you're not telling all in two weeks.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, then we figured that that like Scheduling in advance is like kind of hard as well. And then with layup there Shoot, I don't know if I can write you to this but nice any sketch early just to this. Um, I You gotta bet. Nah, I can find one. I'll steal one.

Like a live bet right now?

Nah, like a screenshot of a bet. Ah.

Oh my gosh, how I miss flip dog it's like it's like a crack addict like seeing a crack bro and it's like they start shaking bro that's so funny all right so this thing just tracked this for me Check this bed.

This is literally like a Discord bot that just... Mm-hmm.

Yeah. It doesn't work right now, but this is what we're working on. But it's also connected to... I don't know if they showed you this.

Nah, I didn't show this.

This is interesting. This is all fake right now. It doesn't work because we have to code the AI. Coding the AI is actually a lot more work than it seems. I think we have it on the lowest cost setting because this is just an MVP to see if people would like this kind of thing. But like... Basically, It's the towards all of my images. And... You have a chat with it. and then it has this aspect as well.

Like, I-I'm trying to, so like this whole thing is like going back to, I'm on my whiteboard right now. What I'm looking at is basically I was going to, what did you drop?

I had a fucking Gatorade and I just dropped it. I heard that shit.

No, you're good. But I was planning on tracking everybody's wins that they sent in the server and greened out. Late. Just in this channel Um... just like to a user. So for example, I would add up all of her wins together, like add up all of Kayden's wins together and just like store it in our database. So, but like basically, Um, They're building a bot right now that's going to possibly do it with every single bet that you have and But there were still figuring out on how we would get every bet for you have but like I don't and it can be tied to a Discord user.

So like... It would be interesting. Okay.

Yeah, he didn't show me that, so yeah, that looks interesting.

Yeah, so, um, here, let me send you... I'll send you this. Uh... I'll send you the site. But you can check this out. But like the If anything, it'll have issues with the chat aspect of not recognizing some things. It just needs to see more. It's very new right now. We just did it last weekend. Oh. Um... But basically like that whole thing is like we're going to be having more bots built out into this.

And I'm also building more bots as well. Like I think I kind of showed a little bit, but we'll have these like. Basically, all the odd-stamped calculators That... Or, like, all the useful ones. Um, like... Honestly, the promo converter might be a good one. Mm-hmm.

I think if y'all... I've got any you guys are probably already discussed this like definitely the art part the art calculator ev1 And the Kelly. I think those are... And a novella.

Well, actually... Actually, yeah, we probably should do that. Wait, okay.

I honestly just, I think it's the Kelly that I literally just used because that already includes the EV.

Oh, does it?

I'm not seeing what the Kelly is. Honestly I don't even use any of these but Okay.

I'll use it sometimes whenever I'm like making parlays and stuff with the EV play, so. but I don't even know if the Kelly multi-players it's kind of it's kind of just like you so use a quarter use point 25 basically it basically tells you how much you should put of your bankroll. For a specific bet based on the EV percentage. Oh, uh...

So usually what I'll do is I'll have the Novig odds calculator opened with this one and I'll get a random play, right?

And I'll, it depends, you know what the debugging is, right?

Yeah, you found the G. So yeah, you debug from a book, I'll usually use Pinnacle and you use the Novig calculator and you get the percent odds for that and then you put that into the Kelly calculator and it'll tell you.

So let's say just use a random like minus 110 plus one.

Okay, wait. So tell me, I'll build this for you in a Discord bot. Would that be helpful?

I think, yeah, for the– For which you were just mentioning, yeah. I think it would-it could be something good to add.

Okay, cool. With, like... with the other server that I was screen sharing in or this part. ***

No, the other one, the bankroll capital one.

Yeah, so the EV calculator and then the Kelly criterion. And so you take what? Awesome.

So go to a random e-view player, right?

Um Okay, one second.

So yeah, just get like the first one. So, okay, so I don't know, let's say, Let's just say, for example, Fanatics or whatever the first book that appears when you open it up is.

Give me one sec. My computer's actually shitting bricks.

I don't know if you can tell anyone else, but like...

Yeah, I can tell.

I haven't touched my computer in like, probably like five times.

Dude, that's how many tabs open, dog.

Nah, I don't got shit open. Oh, shit. I just pressed alt tab and like... Exactly.

Yeah. Ah, shit.

That's because I notionThis shit always. Yeah.

Nah, I feel you, bro. Nah. Dude, every time I be gaming and, like, I'll have shit ton of stuff on my screen, bro, my frames will just die. So it's, like, it's the same thing.

Oh, my gosh. I pressed off tab, like, so long ago. All right, we're back. All right, cool. Oh, no, we're not.

You know what it might be too is your background. I know those things, those mobile...

Yeah, my wallpaper definitely takes up a lot of gigs. I gotta pause this transcript too because I know that. I gotta close it. Oh, shit. If my mouse can make it over there. Oh my gosh, wrong monitor.

for the Cardinals. He's really playing a real football game.

That's so funny. In Roblox? Is he playing himself?

Yeah, basically yeah. Basically yeah.

That's too funny. Let me like... Might like actually be mice. Screen share, I don't even know. Or it actually might be odds jam. Thanks.

Yeah, I'll jam fucking be sitting itself.

I have like four of them open, so that definitely doesn't help. uh... that made that better that made that better Alright, so random EV bet. Back to that.

Okay, yeah. Hold on. Let me click back right here. Yeah, so randomly V bet Uh... So use the Fandu's odds for this, for example. So just put their, no, no, go up. No, like the one you have open, you see how Fandu has their own odds as well. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so put that in the Novig. Calculator? And so the display is on the under. Right, so... Both of the odds, but the plus side also. So now copy the Novig percentage for the plus money.

for the plus odds one. Because we're on that one. So now you're going to go to Kelly. You're going to use the quarter multiplier, so 0.25. You're gonna put the odds that you're getting that you're getting them out on the MGM because that's the book that they're telling you What is that 195? Yep. and then now yep copy and paste that and so that tells you based on your bankroll so I don't know if is that 1k or 5k Okay.

Okay, so yeah, so basically, based on, it tells you the EV, it tells you the fraction of your bankroll, and it tells you how much you should put. And then obviously, it changes for everybody based on their bankroll or based on... the book that they evict from. Like I personally use Pinnacle. Some people use Fandos, some people will use Circa. So... Kind of just depends, but...

So why do you use-oh, it just dropped to minus 192.

That's why I use it. Yeah, it's easy. No. I'll use it a lot of times because um so so first off this is I won't play like markets like this. I'll usually do main lines like money lines totals spread stuff like that and Let's say I get like a minus 300 play I'm not gonna play a minus range of play straight up I'm gonna want to parlay that with something So what you can do is you can open up a play and you on the left.

There's gonna be a thing That little plus next to the thing that says over eight or whatever. Yeah. So when you press that, it'll add it to like a Parley calculator or like a Parley compiler that you can open up. And Um... And then I'll just do the same process but with like two or three plays together that make a parlay that's like plus 100.

Oh my gosh, can I like... There we go. That's probably...

Uh-oh. And then does that ever... Yeah, so you would add a second one and it would show all the books that are offering it and the What odds do you get for yours at a bet MGM?

But, okay, that's, so when you, interesting, do you typically do two legs or three legs?

I usually do watch the likes. two legs.

Gotcha. Okay. Um, gimme, um, I think, let me, one second, two, Just double check my agenda. I think I... Most things The last thing I have to say is that in that group chat that I, oh, another thing is I'm Going to I'm gonna give you a, Remember if I give you a bet tracking spreadsheet, I'm gonna update it through 2026 for you and then I'm going to Ask you to please keep it updated after I've updated it So this will be when I send all of the analyst information in the analyst channels So if you could please just keep your bet tracking up especially up to date That would be really appreciated and I'll send you also a chat to BT link that I used to just Source your like format your chat into the spreadsheet So it'll be just super easy for you to continue Good.

All right, sounds good.

But yeah, I guess that's basically everything I have. Anything else you have question-wise? Thank you.

No, everything I had, I basically already asked it. Awesome.

Alright then, I'll let you go. I don't really have much more. I'll just send... Just try to be, it's going to be a little inactive to go for now, but just as much activity to help retain the members that I'm getting as we go. And also just as the more members you bring in, the better. And it'll be just, you're the second staff member that I've talked to currently. So Caden's brought in two of his friends that are now members and he's trying to convert them onto our partners.

But basically out of the staff, engagement wise, Caden's going to be the most active. I'm working on onboarding Bat Brigade Luke and Kronos as well this weekend. Okay. Awesome. Just keep your eye out on that group chat and I'll just shoot you a text if I need anything else.

All right, for sure. And then, yeah, same thing. Yeah.

Just let me know. Awesome. Sounds good. All right. Thanks, Mark. I would leave, but I don't know how I can without restarting my computer.

So I'm probably just going to do that.

All right. No, you're good, bro. I feel you. All right. All right. All right. See you.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye.