I know you said you were taking a trip. Are you on your trip right now?

I'm sorry, say that again?

I know you said you were taking a trip this weekend. Are you on your trip right now?

Oh yeah, I'm on it right now, but I'm good. We could do this phone call. All right, cool.

I'll keep it relatively short, though. But just to kind of set a bit of an agenda, I'm just going to chat with you to see what your schedule looks like, and then I'll give you a little bit of an overview of the positioning of the analyst roles, and then the goal that we're trying to achieve. And it's just a little bit different than just posting picks. And then the last thing is just... Like... just the staff requirements and then additional information on the staff bonus Alrighty.

So just like the first off is, I know we just haven't had the community to be that active. And I also know you were away last month. But what is your activity or like what is your like schedule look like to be active in the discord?

Within the Discord, Monday through Friday would be anywhere from after 3.30 p.m. PST. So it would probably be 6 for East Coast timing. And then Saturday, Sunday would be available. Both days, all day. I could be available during work Just... to talk about plays and stuff like that, but giving out plays, it would be a little bit more difficult just to... looking for the numbers and everything else that I do before submitting.

But I mean, if anybody has questions throughout the day, I mean, I'll be there to answer whenever if I'm being...

Yeah, so you just need to be pinged, but you're available during the day, but you're after 6pm. Okay, cool. Makes sense. And then just... Just to give you a little bit of an overview. So like the positioning and I kind of like it might have been sent in the doc. I don't know. But basically what we're trying to do with analysts is yes, we want the aspect of the picks and just the units, the education behind the one unit per pick or however many units you decide with your picks.

a little bit harder because you're in California. But we want to try to either send a screenshot of your pic or be like, oh, you could take this on X partner and then using the dropouts code would be the thing there. And we really want to just push the value of the line shopping and taking advantage of the different resources, whether it be the free signup bonus or actually the line value they offer.

But we want to start pushing that a little bit more.

Okay, sounds good.

And then the question I want to ask is, what tools do you use for researching?

Typically use the prop cache, I believe. which is typically the same as outlier and I do have a DGF fantasy account that's through a different server that I have that I'm able to get into. And then just like other various websites that I use outside of those, to actually give you more of an in-depth look in terms of like the player props and then how you're able to drop it to where... You're looking for one player's out.

How does this player's time how it's managed, if it's affected. Yeah, it's more time on the court, less time on the court, all that type of stuff. But for the most part, I mean, I'm always using Outlier or just one of those apps to... Do you visualize what I'm doing?

So do you have an outlier or props cast subscription?

Yes, I do.

Which one do you have or both?

I have both, but they're both, it's like combined. So I share it with another buddy that, uh, It's in a different server.

OK. So the same thing with the DGF.

Yes, it would be the same thing as Outlier. It's all shared on one account, but it's between three of us or something like that.

Okay. And so also like, I know you've run your own server. Is that active that much?

Or do you like have analysts?

It's... Uh, I do, but really the main one that's active in that one is Iceman that I had sent you. Mm-hmm. And I had sent him just because, like I said, he's constantly active and I haven't really been active as much as I should be in there. or anywhere for that matter.

Um, Do you have that many community members in your Discord as well or no?

No, that one's tiny. I just started it probably late December just to have something up there. There's about like 150 of us in there, but not. I can move some of the active ones and tell them to come into ours. For the ones that are, there's a few handful in there that... that are more active than the actual, I guess you can call analysts that are in there.

Yeah, I guess, like, so, okay, so, let me just make a note to come back to this, but, like, I'm just looking for things to, because our just community is dead, and I'm, right now, I'm basically going through one by one and messaging and just, like, trying to, like, actually chat with the guys that have previously, like, subbed and then get them back, but the only problem is, like, I'm doing it one by one, one, and that's, like, two, it's just, like, I'm not as active or able to be active during the day, like, because of school and work, so it's just, the And it's just like, it's a circle jerk problem of like, there's not enough community members for them to be active.

And then there's like not enough community members for the staff to be active. And then like, it's just like a whole like inactivity cycle. So likeI'm just trying to get a bit better base, build the base of the community up. Yeah. So, yeah, I'll come back to this. Yeah. Come back.

I mean, I can definitely send out a little notice right now to the server that I have, and I can just send our server in there and just let them know if you guys are looking for something that's a little bit more active than...

Come over here.

Yeah, let me... Because, I mean, like I said, I'll have more plays in our server than I will in the one that I'm in right now just because the one that I have, it's free. So I don't really care to spend as much time as like I would for yours, if that makes sense.

I'll have you send out a message, but we'll do it in a second.

So the one thing I'll talk about real quick is just like the analyst bonus.

And I'm going to get a document together and I'll put it in the... I made an analyst group chat. I haven't sent anything in it yet. I'm going to just get on the phone with everybody to chat with them first.

Okay. This is what we're working on. So like the staff goals is one to just improve the staff culture adoption, which is like the... Okay. version onto our partnerships and like the education behind the pics and then retention uh strength and brand identity which is just i don't know what that is but we'll get set when we get there um and then we want to improve our improve our turn and like improve increase our conversions uh so these are some of our goals um but like basically the main thing that you'll be using this for uh is i have all of our partners loaded up into a database um so all of our partners are in here and they also get a number of points So each of our partners, it's basically a certain number of points depending on how much value they offer us.

So if you convert somebody onto, for example, Parley Play, you'll get five points for that partner. And so basically how it works is at the end of the month, if that 5% bonus ends up to be $100 and there's a total of like 10 points and you've gotten 7 out of the 10 points, you'll just get the $70 from that staff bonus.

Okay, understood.

And so another bonus that comes out of this is that I'm going to be tracking every single invite link in the server. And I'm going to give you one. Yours will be just this one. But basically I will track everything that joins through the server. And so when people sign up to a partner, so one is when you send out the message, you can use this link because anybody who we are able to convert, you'll earn points for.

Five points for that. And so the way it works is I'm not included. So if I'm the one that converts them, there'll be zero points for me and then five points for you. Okay. But also the goal is for if they are from your server to have you also potentially convert them. And then if you do that, you'd both get the five points for them being from your link and then five points from your conversion.

Okay. Understood.

And so the thing I just wanted to touch on that before I came back to the next notes is just for Iceman and then for, so I guess I don't know how I want to do this yet. If I want the analysts, so I want to base all of the analysts at 2%. And so, Basically, for that 2%, you're going to receive just basically 2% of the monthly subscription and partnership revenue. Right now, I don't know if I want to make it exclusive to like being half to be an analyst only in Dropout Degens, but I am going to currently put a restriction that you must have a minimum of five conversions.

And so basically, either that be... And then one thing that I'm going to add as a conversion is anybody that signs up from your link, then joins premium.

It doesn't have to be paid. It can be through like the free, we have a free all access bot that just logs them into our membership table, but they don't have to put in their payment information. But if they do that, it gets them just into our system. So that's a really good positive for us. So that counts as a three point conversion.

So basically all you have to do is get five conversions and then you'll be eligible to receive your 2% and the staff bonus.

Okay. Understood.

For example, if you got like three conversions, you would only be eligible for the staff bonus and not that 2% base.

Got you. Okay.

So...

Basically, with those thoughts, Do you have, because I don't know if I'm going to base all of the analysts that we haven't been on the team previously at 10%, but I am going to offer them the conversion aspect. So would you have anybody besides Iceman that you would also have in mind maybe for an analyst or a mod?

Yeah, definitely. There's another guy by the name of I'm drawing a blank right now, but he focuses a lot on baseball. He's been inactive just because, like I said, it really hasn't been in season, but. With it coming back up, I'm sure he'll pop back up. So I'll go ahead and send him a message and see if it's something that he might be interested in. And then I do have another guy as well. Yeah. And he covers a variety of sports, basketball, football, baseball.

So I'll send him some information and I'll get you two connected and whatever happens from there. happens. But those are the main two right now that I can think about. And then if there's any others that pop up, I'll definitely get them sent your way.

Okay, yeah, that would be awesome.

And so then the last thing just is for if that would be greatly appreciated if for those one setting up those guys and I'll chat with them if they are down. And then the second thing is for like, actually, if you are willing to post like the dropout degens, like in your server, if you could also like tell the members to like, actually, let me think of a good way to do this. I'll just start an announcement and let everybody claim 30 free days of all access to the announcement.

But like, basically... You can just tell them to claim 30 for the day when they come and join the community.

Alrighty.

And then any questions or anything?

I don't think from my end everything was pretty clear. Just... You had mentioned setting up I'm forgetting.

The bet checking spreadsheet.

Okay, yeah.

With the...

With the channels, if an analyst is going to have a channel active, I'm just going to ask that they please keep a bet tracking spreadsheet updated. And you're not going to have to do this until I'm going to go through and just track and put all of your previous bets into the spreadsheet for 2026. And then from that point on, when I give you your spreadsheet, I'll also give you a chat GPT link for like if you just want to copy and paste the screenshot or the pic in there, it'll give you a format to paste in the spreadsheet.

I'll give you those and at that point then it'll be required that you please track them in the spreadsheet.

All right, man. Sounds good.

Awesome. And then, yeah, anything else?

I think that's it for now. If there's anything else that pops up, I'll go ahead and send you a message or we can hop on call again and figure it out.

All right. Awesome.

And yeah, the last thing is I'm going to try to set up a weekly meeting with all the analysts. I'm going to do this probably after next week and after I send all the information out. But just to try to see how everything's working and if we've gotten any conversions and just to check in.

Okay, sounds good.

Awesome. All right, so I'll just I'll see you talk sometime soon and just let me know if you need anything.

All right, man. Sounds good. Take care.

All right. Thank you so much. All right. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. All right. Bye-bye. Thank you.