Okay, yeah, so basically I'm going to just look through the mission and vision and then kind of just talk through all the The roadmap. The roadmap's what's coming next. But I guess before we go into the roadmap, I'm going to be breaking down all the... all of the goals. So all of theLet me make sure that it's picking up. Yeah, cool. So after the, after I just basically just talk through the vision a little bit more, just for more context, because...

Yeah, and a lot of this is going to be sloth, but... I really just want to get on the same page with everything and then give the context for each of the goals each of our just I've set out 14 different goals I might add one or two more but each of these 14 goals they're not like tangible things like we can't physically acquire them but they are kind of just points that are we are we are working towards so really what that Looks like it.

is kind of... I'm just looking at these right now. But all of these goals, they're just things that we're working towards. And I'm going to go through each of these individually in just a second. But basically just like When it comes to what is the opportunity of everything like what are we solving? So we I need to dig deeper into this and Let me just check. So just checked. Five axis, two-Let me pause one second.

Thank you. So.

Okay, so what is this? actually look like. So basically we have four18 different business schools. And so the first one I'm gonna talk about is differentiate our discord positioning. So we have to-we actually just have to differentiate our positioning. in the industry.

It's kind of-we just need to-we Are updating everything. We just need to finish updating our content.

That's all that this means. So what if our projects Let me pull up my documents. Good. So, basicallyWe need to update our Discord educational content. We need to release a filter for Flipped EV. We need to also like Update our community Onboarding, like we need to create a responsible gaming section. We need to Update our ticketing system. So like This is-These are all the projects in this but like the high level to you I mean, on a high level we just need to differentiate our positioning.

We need to say, we need to actually...

Finish doing everything that we say we are. We need to put up all the educational strategies. We need to create all the strategies. We need to add the bot commands. We already have done that, but we need to do all these things that make it so... I think I need to stop with the fluff. But we just overall need to finish Getting our community into The Education First state and What's next out of that is the staff culture adoption like the staff needs to get on board as well.

So what is this actually look like. So the staff needs to start using our resources starts need to to reacting to all of our messages because they find value from it. We are going to treat reactions I guess like as more of the-Like, hey, I found value from this, so I'm going to react to this. Because I found out you. But we're going to-But like with the goal five, I need to re onboard the staff with the updated vision or like I've already onboarded the staff with the vision.

I need to Get my staff on to contracts. I need to pitch.

I also want to just like, I want to pitch the pivot to Alex.

That's actually not-that's in the future. But that's in the raised discord pricing. But I want to I need to create staff KPIs and we need to create bonus for like I need to create the bonus for conversions like I need to establish all these systems for This, like, this. Staff need to both Be on board with our vision and they may need to be properly rewarded when they are. are able to help our members actually succeed themselves.

So what does that look like? So we're setting up a-Like, or. referral program. So basically every time that you You refer somebody on to our-server it'll be tracked and every time they do a good action then that is also tracked And so-One of the things that really going to do in the future. is we're going to put all of our partner promo claims through the partner promo bot. And this will be in-Optimized conversion funnel.

I'm actually going to update this. But like yeah and so with the optimized conversion funnel That is all about the just-Welcome tickets. The, the, that's everything. And then within the discord differentiated discord positioning, that's also like all the messaging. That's all of our welcome ticket messaging. That's all of our staff messaging. And then for the staff culture adoption, they need to be onboarded with the the, like onto routine.

Like they need to have access to all the content. They need to be Be able to look through the content when they need to help a member with something So this is kind of the standard that we're moving towards So with that, is the goal of raising our discord pricing and so with the goal of risk raising our discord so this is where our odds jam ev is coming in so we want to lean pretty heavily on our ev and also just the fact that we have so many resources that we are able to help our partnership help our members with and then also just subsidizes subsidized by the fact that they get free access to the community when whenever they use one of our partners but basically you We want to, we need to have a solid base and we need to also just raise our pricing to make our, have our server have a little more, um, Validity or...

Yeah. Just make it seem a little more legit. And also just we can grandfather people get people in on our own old pricing before we switch to our new pricing. So we can really just focus on kind of, we want to be in this place where we can say, this is all the value we are now providing because we're no longer just this pick server. And this is all the value that we're providing. So yes, we're going to charge more, but this is also how you get free subscriptions through signing up through our partners, et cetera, et cetera.

But this is the grounds for raising our pricing. And really with that more education focused positioning, We should be in a good market for that. And what comes next out of that, and I guess I'll touch on the improved server retention. So what does improving retention look like? That means we want every member to actually engage more and we want to retain them more. Do I have increased member engagement?

Yeah, no, that's a Q2 goal. But that's something we'll look at later. But we want people who join the server to stay around longer. So we want to make sure that we have the systems in place that they And this is kind of just like along with the, but this is more on the staff goals. And this needs to be more projected out. but kind of just like I need, we need to. to just It's the aspect of The aspect of what the staff are doing to help our members stay around and retain That's really that all I need to say for that.

And the last thing I'll say is just like expanding Discord resources is we need to reach out to more partnerships. Like we can get more partnerships. Like that's super easy. That's something that we've not struggled with in the past. But really like if we're going to expand our partnerships, we really have to have the mechanisms in place to really just... Like. We have to have the mechanisms in place to-Like actually convert for these partners and So the next thing would be actually like setting up our like real 21 plus sports book partners those are going to be pretty um I'm actually going to pause and tangent it out to where I staged the roadmap in less stages.

So I kind of just put it into four stages. So like There are four stages. One, two, three, one. We'll update the content in our discord and the daily staff and operations also just need to be aligned with our And then from there we can focus on our next goal, which is this for retention. So we need to actually get the tools and we need to see how our community actually interacts with our updated positioning.

While updating these retention tools, at the same time we can focus on our focusing conversions. both a staff goal and a member-a development goal. have the staff by hand do this manually as best they can to convert. And they also have access to all of the information they need through our partnerships. or not through our partnerships, but about our partnerships to make the conversions. And they should be starting to actually have the experience.

And I'll be getting a staff meeting together for this, but they need to just start They need to actually convert and then we need to build out more systems that will help us convert better with the knowledge that we're building and so like Basically, we're also going to be looking at a community acquisition. Let me actually put that as a goal. So that's going to be another one of our goals. We acknowledge that while we focus-I guess the best way I would say it, and this will also go into further documentation for the company journey that needs to be created, but when it comes to where we did well when we had less partnerships.

And when we expanded our staff, And this is also a problem on the founder's side as well. We didn't expand the staff enough the capability and intention to be converting onto all the partners we're acquiring. So we really weren't converting-So while we were doing decently subscription wise, we weren't really doing well conversion wise even though we had And that's all. These partnerships. And so then really it was kind of just an issue of the staff wasn't getting compensated enough to make this enough of a commitment or just Priority enough, because this is really just-it is an independent contractor.

They're like-Part-time betting it's like betting so it's like it's what they really want to put into it and also really just with the system and also I'll touch more on like for the bonus funds. We're going to not the bonus funds, but we're going to be giving out a staff bonus so with this staff bonus Let me actually put that in my documentation as well. But the staff bonus is going to be every single time that somebody There will be like a 5% bonus for all the staff and so anytime staff Any time a staff like Gets a conversion on a partner then they will receive points for it and depending on how good the partner is for us They will either receive one three or five points And so also like we will potentially just double points for our news over a certain week.

But we'll do like two more things around this. But basically they will get points. They will have the... opportunity to earn points for conversions so and they will and these conversions will equal just a bonus in payment so like we will So this will be more on the--From goals side of like, What was the goal that I said I was going to put in there? Thank you. Oh yeah, community acquisition. Yeah, so let me go back to that actually.

So we will need to do, like we need to acknowledge that like, yeah, our community is a little bit dead and also like we, and we lost and we turned the staff and their, subsequent community members because of this. Like kind of like going into that, but we need to acknowledge this and we need to do better with our retention and we need to potentially just one of the easiest ways to look at this is for a Let me think about how to format This is.

I'm going to have a goal of acquire additional-Community, communities, plural. Acquire additional communities. Okay. And this is a high priority in media, yeah, medium priority in Q1. And this is from the founder.

you you you Thank you.

you you you We need to strengthen our brand identity. Let me talk about that. We need to just basically from everything that And our Q1 goals. And then basically everything that I've talked about is a Q1 goal. So after we've done all of these Q1 goals, we need to just kind of like adjust from our learnings. And we need to strengthen our brand identity from that. So we need to just, where is this education focused work vision and mission working?

And what can we do to strengthen it? Like what can we do to make it better? What other resources can we give our community? Should we get rid of some of these resources? We need to strengthen our brain identity. So basically, The next thing I would say is that We need to just improve our men premium premium turn like And so this is also like a staff goal. So this is something that the staff needs to be on top of as well.

Making our exit tickets better. This is making our overall just experience better. This is just what can we do to make our discord more Likeable. Does this mean we need to lower our pricing again? Does this mean we need to-it's kind of something that we're going to evaluate In Q2 and after Q2 after he won and like starting in Q2. It's something that we're-it's a goal at all times, but it's something that we're especially going to hone in on after Q1.

And then we need to also just rebrand our website positioning. That is a big goal. We need to be... We need to have a lot more SEO presence. We need to have more blogs. We need to embed more content. There's not enough on there. So we need to really just rebrand our position on our website. If we need to do more than formatting and visualization, then we can do whatever. But we need to just make sure our website positioning really matches our Discord so we can start using that as a more organic source.

And then another thing that we need to do is just like we need to automate everything when it comes to operations. There shouldn't be nothing like for example the play of the day like once I send out that. at First message it should be a super easy process like basically Um, but yeah. It should be a super easy process. The next thing-is going to be a referral program. So this is not only on the staff side, but this is on the member side.

I want our members, well this is only on the member side for the Create Referral Program. From the knowledge that we've gained from our Like-member like our staff version like do we need to give our members points for how do we give them points but like we need to look into how is this referral program going to be like we need to evaluate the staff program and we need to see how are we going to figure out what is the best way to reward users who bring in more members to our community and just as a q2 goal overall like we need to just increase our community engagement.

What are we doing? Do we need to do more events? Do we need to do more announcements? We're going to be focusing on how can this be a continuously improving. And then-Q4 goals are just kind of like overall goals. Like that's the way I would look at them as these are goals from January 1st of this year until all the way of the end of the year. Like these two goals are enhanced data increase our partner conversions.

So like those are the two biggest things like we need to be doing. Like number one is increase partner conversions. That is a staff Like... Not as a staff, just... Overall staff goal. That is a key thing that we need to be a key caveat. Are we converting more on our partners? Are members converting on more partners than one? These are such important. This is such an important goal because it... Given that Our membership Our revenue is basically like 25, our conversion revenue is basically like 25x our...

Our subscription revenue, we need to really establish and see because we can basically capture a whole year's worth of subscription in a single month. So we need to see if we're able to be doing that. And then with enhanced decisions with data, This is another super important thing that we need to be doing. We need to be evaluating things at all times. Is this-and also setting up dashboards. throughout the whole process.

And does the staff need to have access to these dashboards? What is the process around this? And also more of like, you Am I making smarter decisions because of this data and has this driven us to find more success in the kind of market our positioning towards? So I guess that's kind of most of the goals that we'll kind of have to create documents for. And then the next thing that I'll just kind of just talk through is our overall documents.

So like... We have the The roadmap document. I think this conversation here kind of like context the roadmap, but the roadmap is also just after the goals can be Well, no. The roadmap is after the projects, which are after the docwithin the goals. So the roadmap can come after But we need to basically create a document for each of these goals. individually as well, but we need to also create documents, just overall staff documents.

For one, we have the mission and vision document. But then we also have the roadmap, which I mentioned, which we'll come back to. We also need to have our server guidelines. We need to create like, how should our members be interacting with each other in the server? Or like, how should our staff be, We need to just refine that more. Then we have the staff bonus. So this is more into what we talked about earlier.

I need to list all of our partners and say, hey, these are the amount of points they give you. Then... And... Just... They can kind of get a sense of of really-How the staff bonus works. I need a document as well. And then the company journey. So this is something that we can kindKind of like the talk thing now, I guess maybe not now, but it's more just-What has the company gone through to come to this decision that we want to pivot?

And what is our journey? And how do we have the reputation to actually stand out in this market, which is also becoming really oversaturated? Um. And then the staff expectations. This is also just like, What do we expect out of the staff? What are the staff's... What are their capabilities? APIs, et cetera. Um. APIs, et cetera. Um. And I guess, like-That could be something that--