Okay, cool. And so I guess I don't know where I was, but... I think Yeah, I think with Alex, I think the thing with him is that... I need to reach out to him at a point where I can say, I have actually validated my approach to your data. And that way, um, Yeah. So like, I actually need to get the filters out and everything before I approach him. And then I also probably need to raise our pricing. But I'm very also torn in the raising our pricing aspect.

Like it is something we have to do to stay competitive and also kind of like validate the positioning and offer that we have in the industry. But I'm really against raising our prices because like, we already don't capture customer, well actually no, that might be a reason why we should raise our prices, but like we don't necessarily capture the demographic that is able to spend on this. And it's like, sometimes like $50 might be this person's like whole life whole bankroll for a month basically like or like But, like, yeah, like, we...

Mm. we need to, yeah, yeah. Like, yeah, all basically what I'm getting at here is like, we need to validate the positioning offer that we, that we're giving people. Um, so a lot of that comes in the educational content that we need to update in the discord. Like, um, we're adding responsible gaming channel channel. Um, and then we're adding a bunch of different education and value, but like, I think like what we really need to teach people is like, how are we how are they actually able like one how are we approaching these edges we're finding and then two how can they actually take that knowledge and like retrospectively use it in their and they're just every day not every day but like in their strategy um And so I think...

part of that and then like some of this might be some of the documents that we'll be running through, but like a lot of it is just like the overall strategy and positioning. But like we used to have a lot of people on our analysts, a lot more people on our analyst team, um like yeah but we were we were facing the issue of our members were still not able to be or not finding a way to be profitable or finding a way to be not profitable even though our analysts are being profitable um and so the issue there was really that we found in the volume um we were sending too large of a volume of picks out to users we were sending out too large of a volume of just we were Yes.

So like, yes, the problem is, yes, we are winning, but we are sending too much that our members were not knowledgeable enough. Like, Yeah, they were just gambling. So we need to help them set a bankroll and a strategy. I would say each day has five variants. I think variance is something that is very heavily impacted in just weather. whether it be one event, whether it be an entire day. But variance is something very...

very real and that needs to be surfaced. And kind of like aware... as an awareness piece, Um, I think what I really want to say out there is like, like one of the, one of the channels we're going to get together is kind of just a, Yeah, like kind of one of the channels we're just going to get together is just explaining that like. we like kind of just like the aspect of bankrolling with a one to 3% unit size and then never extending over like three to five units per day.

Um, and like, also just like, it's not a bad thing to place a 0.25 unit bet. Um, like why just might not include your unit sizes too big. Um, but like you might have bankroll constraints. Um, so like, but yeah, We want to like kind of highlight that positioning of like... were, and I guess like, I would also say the way we approach betting is like you you're betting with every market you bet or every bet you place is essentially like...

I don't know how to really effectively describe this, but You have a limited amount of time to research like how effective the bet you are placing is um one and then two you have a limited amount of dollar capital that you are able to place in one on one a single event a single day but like basically this is a kind of fine balanced ratio um within the essence of like I kind of just want to pause because I don't want to bullshit.

kind of what I'm getting at.

Um But yeah, like, I would say the amount of time you spend on your research gives you a number of degrees of... of confidence, which can never be 100, but like it could be up to 99.99. Like, Like, 100% confidence is, like, well... I mean, yes, it could be, but like, I would also say just the one, yeah, you need to leave space for 1% variance. But basically, like... the amount of time it takes for you to research and establish and also like the time is an investment so you like you actually do need to do the diligence to come up with this this this um this this value and score um and kind of like The amount of time you have to do that in a day, you can only do that for so many events.

And then the second thing is like, how is how are you spending your capital on those events so that you maximize your return against your research spent? Like, It's like if you... Okay, I'll give you the best example. It's noon, and I've done research for two hours, and I placed two bets at two o'clock, because I've just done research for two hours. And those bets, I place at one unit each, and I'm like 95% confident.

I'll say like 70% confident they're both going to hit. And so, like... The second thing I would say is if I were to go place more bets that day, for example, a bet at 6.30 right before the game start with 30 minutes of research, like, The like how, how much value is that really? Like, Is that the best utilization of your dollar to just amount of time researched? And you have to also remember that betting is a long-term game.

This is not a, oh, yeah, I missed one game tonight. That could have been a winner. But it's also like there's going to be so many more games on tomorrow night and the night after. And it's like, there will always be theoretically something to bet on. So it's going to be like a long term, you need to have a long term mindset and approach to it. So like, there's no point in really waste putting a whole unit on something that you spent 30 minutes of research on, when in retrospect, you can spend two hours and get a lot more value, or like, just a lot more confidence and likelihood to win out of the one unit you place.

And that's kind of like, I would say the time value, not time value of money, but like just the relative time constraints when it comes to betting. Because you can only do so much effective research on a market before it comes obsolete. And then you can also just, you must do a certain amount of research on a market to be able to be knowledgeable enough to make that decision. And so the kind of Um...

I really need to get a notebook down together for, or right in front of me for when I'm going through this becauseThank you.

Um, I think The next thing I would kind of come to here is that All right, yeah, let me take a pause to actually think on what I'm going to do.

Yeah, like... What I wrote down was the diminishing value of returns, like your... your returns will just diminish as you place more bets. It's just like, because you're like, yeah, like if you hit at 60%, of the time on average, and you place one bet today and you win, boom, you're at 100% for the day. Why would you risk placing another bet when if you lose it, you'd be at 50? And then yes, if you win your next one, you'll be at 60%, 66%, but you just lost your 100% win rate.

It's kind of like, The just the aspect of are those bets you're placing worth it? And then... I would say the thing with variants is... The... Like there will always be one thing Something. One event. One thing that you... Yeah, just one thing. One factor that during your research that you one may not have accounted for or may not have accounted for properly that may end up influencing the overall market more like.

I have no examples right now, but like, just like, Like...

Um, Yeah, like... Yeah, I have no examples right now because I'm just thinking off the top of my head.

Variance is a very highly impactful thing. And I would say just like the way you would look at it, I wouldn't build a bot. I'm going to build a bot for this. But kind of like is if you had a coin that landed on heads 90% of the time and you had like, and you could, you could place as much money on this as you wanted. And you can flip this coin as many times as you wanted. how much would you put on it on your first bet?

Like, would you put it all? And because yes, it is 90% and that'll get you the max return. But like, are you being considerate of that 10%? Like that's something that you always need to kind of be considering amount. And like, no matter how, like, And you can kind of relate this both to the odds of the pick and then just like It's just, like, is it really... Is that That's why I wouldn't take anything that is minus...

three like minus 500 like is that really worth it to take because yes that is like an absolute lot but is it really worth it for that one time that you place 500 on it that it comes and loses like is that really the um outcome that you want to be so like kind of like the thing with variance is like that's why you just stick to a really consistent unit because yes you might lose a little bit you might go up a little bit but you if you stay consistent um it's kind of like percent point over time.

Like, Thank you.

Yeah. I don't think I have too much more. I don't think I have to say too much. Yeah, I don't really have to say too much more on the variance aspect. But the next thing I would come to is, Kind of like... Um, And this is just all around just like pick styles and like, why are we placing the bets we're placing? And I would just say it's because the, I would say a lot of it comes down to, you have to understand what, Through your research, the implied probability of this event occurring is and also your win rate with finding these probabilities with these guesses.

And Then you have to take that against the line of line suggested or line given. So like if it's a plus 100, that means it's like 50%, whatever. Um, but like, if you think this is going to happen at 65%, I'm like, or I'm like 80% sure this is going to hit and I'm at an 80% hit. So like what that's 0.64. Like, uh, that is good value. That is really good value for me to take a plus, um, plus 100 when they should be like minus 130 and so like that's a lot of the bets i would take and also the next thing i would come to say that is like an example is like in watching hockey um like sometimes like i'll wait to take somebody that is a favorite in the game to win like for example the carolina hurricanes versus the blackhawks like the blackhawks are shit so the hurricanes are like favored by uh minus 200 minus 300 but if you know the team know the market.

And I think, for example, that the Blackhawks are actually a more competitive and better first period team, and that they will be the team to score first. But the Carolina Hurricanes will ultimately win the game. I can wait to take instead of taking the Carolina Hurricanes at minus 200. I can wait. And when the Blackhawks score, I can just ignore that basically that they scored and just take advantage of that change in the odds with my bet because okay I placed that bet beforehand and the result is still the same.

The Blackhawks still score first. And rather than just getting that, and I please, if I put a hundred dollars at minus 200, like I'm only going to get $50 return if they win. But if I could wait and boom, they go up to plus 100 and I can put, instead of putting a hundred dollars, I can only put $50. That is such a better, more effective use of your capital is the way I would put it. And that is such a stark and good example of like, you And Also, the thing is like, you'll notice you notice that I didn't say oh I'm gonna put all $100 now that the line is at this no I am being more aware of the return and basically the wager to return so like that is something that should be, and hockey would be a good example of that, but it's very, That's like something that can, you can find a lot of examples of that, like a spread in basketball.

Like they go on them. a run. Or like... both teams might go on a run at some point in the game. But if you don't like, if the bucks are at minus eight and a half and you're, oh, I want to only take them at minus two and a half. Okay. Then you wait. And, guess what if the bucks end up not getting to the line at minus two and a half that's okay because you saved yourself from having to take the six point differential that oh well the game might end and they might have only covered seven and a half so it's kind of like the things where like you want the lines are already sharp for a reason so you want to find a better price to get in um it's kind of like another comparison i would make it to is like the shoe reselling market like you these shoes just dropped, so they're gonna be $200 because they're high in demand.

But if I wait a week or two, they might go down to 150, but that's a gamble. They might also increase in price, but they might go down to 150. And then I can buy the shoes and look to sell them later for a better price and kind of... it's yeah it's the best way i would put it is like gambling upon gambling but it's more of like making a more enhanced decision to give you a better return with your money.

And again, I would put a hard constraint on the fact that I try to stay within three to five units wagered per day. If you keep yourself within that constraint, it forces you to make more knowledgeable bets because you can look at five bets in a day and say, eh, I really think these three are the ones that I am most confident in. And you can ignore these other two. And rather than placing five bets Five point...

Like, yeah, yeah. It's, yeah. Two. Um, And then like, The next thing I would say is like, straights over parlays is a huge thing.

Like, people don't understand that the value they get in Like... I don't think people understand what parlays are. Like parlays are basically if the first bet won and you took all of that money and put it on the next bet. at that odds, like the money and the wins. So like, It doesn't actually even give you a better return usually. It's usually just betting your money for you. So you're tied up into the bet.

Like you don't, you have to hedge, you have to. Yes, it gives you a greater return, But Like you, you get sucked into there. So the biggest thing I would say is like, Again, it goes back to variance. If you have two things that are hitting at 90%, why are you going to tie them together? Because when one... one high variance happens, it will be more likely to screw up two of them now, rather than just the one individual.

And again, like, the more legs you add, the more of an issue it becomes.

And like, The next thing is like, why...

I do, for DFS apps, since you are forced to be in theoretical parlays with two mans, at least, I do recommend taking two mans. Like, yes, they force you to do that, but they also basically give it so the line is plus 100. So it kind of is okay. I would rather have them as a single on a sportsbook and pay for the odds. What you have to look at it as is like when you're parlaying on a DFS app, they are paying, they are giving you a better payout.

Like, so you don't have to buy the odds. Like, with a sportsbook you're buying the odds you are paying the odds you're paying $130 to $100.

Like, Yeah.

So... Yeah. Like, that's why DFS apps are a little different, but like, again, it's kind of like The more legs you add, why are you diminishing your... Like, yes, you will have a larger win when it does happen but you will have less wins and like again like when when you get that larger win is really up to variance when you put in that many legs um because like you might have so many times where you're just off by one and it's kind of like just the aspect of if you are placing all these individuals you are doing very well um and people might be doing well but they might not because they are putting them in parlays um and to kind of go back to i don't know on this but like the the issue that people were having with our analysts is like we were we would have so many winning picks that people would want to place them all but like the thing is you can't necessarily place them all you have to be happy with a small continuous upwards trend in your unit size and also you need to understand who you are following um it's kind of those things in like if this person plays 10 picks a day then maybe you should follow all 10 of their adjust your unit size accordingly.

But like kind of just the aspect is Yeah, and when I say just start new unit size accordingly, for example, make each play half a unit for their 10 plays. There you go, and then you're under the five unit threshold, and then you just shouldn't follow another analyst, but And then another thing with variance is like you have to... you have to stick with the event for a longer period of time than 10, I would say like 10 markets.

Like for example, I would give you the best example is I have a $25 unit size and I want to increase my unit size to a hundred dollars, which is a pretty big jump. It's going to be a little bit scary, but like the thing is when you would do something like that, theoretically, you If you lose the first bet, then you are already down four units. So that's like a very, and you might lose it on a 90% market because of the 10% variance.

And it's just like, you need to be very aware that you're in this for the long term. If you continue playing straights, So you just have to make sure you don't catch a bad string of variants or just aren't bad at the beginning. And then you will eventually, if you continue... at this and don't raise your unit size and continue very steadily, then you will continue like be profitable over the long run.

I think I think that's a lot on the strategies. And then like, what are we actually waiting on to talk to Alex? Like we need to talk to Alex to, I don't know. I don't even know what I need to talk to him about. I just need to make sure that we can do this. But I also want... I want to more show him and say, this is the problem I had with Odds Jam. And this is the problem I know people are having when they have low bankroll and low capital.

And also like being in someone with a flip user who kind of mostly just spun their bankroll up Um... Yeah, so what we're working on right now is we're trying to personalize And when So I'm trying to do a couple of things.

I'm not doing really good at any of them. I'm trying to do too many things right now and I'm not doing good at any of them but We need to get our data live.

That is the biggest thing.

I'm hammering away the pipelines. I think I've been awake for like probably like 60 of the last 72 hours, literally just doing data. I think I've been awake for like probably like 60 of the last 72 hours, um, literally just doing data. Um,

I think that covered a lot, but I guess I'll touch on what we're working on next is Um Hmm Excuse me. What we're working on next is we're personalizing the Discord. Well, first we're releasing our EV. We've been doing a lot of data. And then we're personalizing the Discord. So every time somebody joins, we're updating the flow. And... you Yeah, that's the next big thing is personal. like we have a bunch like we want to understand what we can help these people with like like not all of them necessarily need help, but they might find some of the things we have cool.

And what we want to really do is kind of just expand their, thinking not thinking but we want to kind of expand their arsenal and say is there anything that we can do to help you be more profitable Because we're basically full stack for that. We have all the integrations. We have all the partnerships. We're building out all the education. We're going to make it... It's basically going to be like a course, but without...

We don't... I hate course selling. I'm never going to course sell. I'd rather build a community. So like... That's true. That's kind of like the direction we're going towards. That's kind of one of the reasons I don't want to raise my prices, because I want to build community. I have to raise my pricing to validate our positioning and what we offer. Because if we offered that for such too low of a price, it would kind of be too good to be true.

So we need to update our pricing for that aspect. But the next thing is like, After that, we really just need to...

We need to market.

We're so behind. We're very behind. I don't want to market until we know what we're marketing. We don't know the problem we're solving. We do know the problem we're solving, but I don't know what market I want to attract. We've tried the flip market. Don't get me wrong. They're good and all. They need the education, but are they really going to bring us... We need money to survive theoretically. What are they really going to bring to the table if they're betting a dollar?

So like... we theoretically could get some LTV but like hate from our partnerships but also like Yeah, I guess that kind of is the exact audience we need though. But just like not the audience we want if they have money like we would want them but i guess Hmm. everybody can get money. I'm not sure. But... Um... Yeah. And then after, what else, what else, what else? Like, yeah, I need the staff, the content.

Ooh, the staff content. That's a big one that needs to be updated. I'm still figuring out what I want to do. Like, Um... you But like, I need to face all, just get all that content facing outwards. Yeah, the content's a big issue. Like I need to be able to tell my staff what's going on in a little bit better way. My staff need to be able to help me out a little bit better. I need to be a better communicator.

Yeah, I just need to like... Is that the best medium for me to manage my stuff? I'm not theoretically yes, but I'm not too sure just because of all the other obligations. There is quite a lot on one the server platform and then two just discord platform for me um so like yeah because like my whole job or my whole internship is there so it's like if I really, I kind of have secondaried my personal business to my job.

So it's just like, When I need to find a way to un-secondary, not necessarily un-secondary it, but like, I kind of just drop whatever work I'm doing for my job or my business when I get called on for work. So it's just like, I need to figure out a better way to get back into that flow.

I think that's good. I think it's good.