The first thing I want to talk about is the mission and vision docs. Um, so I guess just the first thing to start off there is I just need to finish and solidify this pivot and change. So when it comes to let me just set the stage a little bit for a little bit more context, because I think this is just important context. So the discord, or the sports betting market, when it comes to influencers and discords and just selling picks in a subscription based Um, fashion, like just a subscription-based service, either through Instagram, Discord, WAP, etc., like those kinds of services, they're all kind of...

kind of basically The space is just getting oversaturated where all of these All of these just... services are basically the same thing with the same goal. And that goal is to tell their members profitable bets. And like basically they're just, their goal is to make their members as much money as possible. And while yes, that is a great goal and it will still be a part of our goal going forward, it won't be our main focus.

So I guess the thing that I want to differentiate on and start to focus on is since we've got so many of these partnerships, whether it being the tools, Sources the actual apps themselves. We're actually able to differentiate ourselves, especially in the education aspect. So we can kind of tailor ourselves to more of a education first sports betting platforms. So yes, we will show you how like, yes, we will give you profitable bets.

But not only will we tell you what, like what the profitable bets are, you how to find them using these tools and also how to You, like... how to use a responsible betting strategy using unit sizes and bankroll management and additionally just how to find the best odds because we'll have the tools that will tell you which book to actually take this on so that you are getting the best bang for your buck.

So instead of taking this at minus 140 on a flip, you can actually take it on some back market onyx odds and get it at minus 120, which in the long run, you should definitely be trying to take those advantages. And we can just focus on that education aspect. Hmm. and kind of just Focus on that. And so the vision is, I guess we've been positioned in... Because of our largely organic source from the Fliff Discord marketing, the users who are coming into our Discord have largely been in just the 18 to 21 market, underage, undereducated bettors.

So we can take advantage of that and actually tailor that to be our perfect customer. And I envision those to be our... So I guess like the next thing I want to talk about with vision is so With This vision the next steps are not even next steps but like I wanted And when it comes to the Dropout Degens branding and positioning around that branding, I'm not sure if I want to change it yet, but we can kind of potentially take the Dropout Degens brand Branding and like kind of like just aspect of we'll teach you how to be smart and not become a degenerate dropout gambler and like we'll teach you how to drop your degenerate gambling habits like that's the kind of wording and tonality and kind of how we can use our branding to like drop the degenerate habits stop doing parlays stick to straight bets kind of like that Kind of tone and messaging in our educational content that will keep it branded and the vision I guess from this is competitive positioning is we want dropout DJs to become the education aspect we want people to come here because they know that they'll be talking to smarter betters that are actually using these tools as well and Build up that community base around this just Educated betters not hey, I'm taking this parlay tape tape I'm not a big fan of my five-leg parlay, but hey, these are the two bets that I really love today that I'm taking for one unit.

And I'm also taking this for half a unit because I like the odds, but I don't think it's risking that much on. And that's kind of like how I envision the discussion and community engagement kind of moving towards. So...

Basically...

When it comes to the planning for the future and next steps, we need to finish this. First, we need to finish this pivot because We need just the... Like, we need... We need to get this solid positioning down so that we can finish it and actually once because we also have a couple of tools that we're also building currently and then Once we finish this positioning change to the education focus, we want to focus on our conversions.

We're not going to care as much on our subscriptions because we've grown our partnership revenue to generate us about $1,500 in customer LTV just through conversions. So we want to focus on actually these conversions and these systems that help us convert these users. that will show them they'll just have to tell us what state they are and if they're 18 plus or 21 plus and It'll show them the list of available Partners with our code listed in their jurisdiction so they can just sign up immediately and have our linking code used and that will hopefully Help with conversions.

And so another thing that we're doing with conversions is just we're going to start to create welcome tickets for each of these members. through whatever marketing method they come in from. And we're going to create these tickets and it's going to give us just a little bit of time to individually message and convert them on an individual basis and also offer them additional free premium right as they join, free access to the server as they join.

♪ So, and I guess like what comes next after we understand how to capitalize on our conversions is we can plan to increase our subscription prices just to make people have a greater incentive to. Do a partner conversion to receive free days of access So I'm thinking we're probably gonna be based around $50 a month per person And then we can also begin our social marketing social Social media campaign and our email marketing So basically that's everything that is blocked currently but with With the partner promos and so basically also right now we are a minimal community engagement but that's okay to be honest while we're building out the systems to convert on new members and then we can also once these systems are in place begin a re-engagement on our current churn members so once those users will be able to just email and message those users specifically once this Bot is created.

And then... once these conversion methods are put in place. And then we're also just putting in a lot of tracking and using our data a lot more to understand who our customers are. So basically, once we start to understand their state demographics, we can send them more tailored partnership triggers. And we'll also start to know which ones they've already claimed, which ones they can't claim, because, for example, they've already claimed it.

things like that. And then we're going to unlock 21 plus partnerships in about Two months, so that'll increase our customer LTV by about 40 to 60 percent. And then basically with our social media, we can pay, well, when it comes to our customer acquisition, we've been paying, I think it's been close to 30 cents per customer on the high end, around 25 cents. But when it comes to meta, we pay about a dollar, but we don't do meta ads.

We can pay With our customers, with the minimum of them converting on one of our partnerships, generating us $50 in revenue, we can afford to spend basically like up to $50 on a single customer. And if they convert on more than one partnership within the first... two days, like seven days of them being within the server then it'll be a successful ROI for us and Basically when it comes to just doing that on a mass scale I assume we'd be paying somewhere through about $2 per customer Through meta and things like that.

So basically out of these so we spend $100 We need to convert two people so out of this Yeah, like we spend $100 we get 50 people and we have to convert two of those 50 people so that is a Like what? 8%? We just need to get an 8% conversion to break even on that. Hopefully we can do better than that and that will allow us to just really scale our marketing and social media content and I don't really want Honestly, this is just a holding investment since we've got really good positioning and we've just been culminating on this positioning over the past year and a half through the accumulation of our partners.

So with us really focusing on the conversion aspect, we'll be able to just do well for that. And then when it comes to the user journey flow, Okay, let me just talk about what I need real quick. So I guess what do I need when it comes to what is blocking me? So first we need this. So first we're blocked by development. That's partially being solved by a student helping from college with me. But that is partially solved while Bellcube is looking for a new job and maybe we can get him on more full time.

pay him more. But... The next But basically, we're blocked by development for all of these conversion features and everything on that end. So once that is sorted development, and we should be having a pretty solid schedule for that, it should get a pretty good pace going soon. So after we're fixed on the development side, we need to get community engagement. Somebody who will help on the marketing aspect and focus on that.

So we, I guess like I also just need somebody probably when it comes to organization and staying on top of things because JP and Dante aren't quite as good as I am. quite cutting it for what they set out to be. And whether it be identifying their roles, Wrong, but they're also just not as time-bound as anymore so I guess that that's probably what I'm looking at is I'm at a most I'm at a less capacity than I wish I would be.

I don't have as much capacity to work on this as I did. when it comes to just like the everyday community engagement aspect. So I need somebody for that. And so, We can either knock that out in two birds with one stone with a merger acquisition or just somebody who is focusing on like both Getting new members in the server and then also engaging with those members so or like two people for example but Basically with that community engagement, we just need a base of community engagement so that people who are acquired and joining the server through our marketing don't have like are just coming to nothing.

So we need to get that and then from there we are basically just unblocked to begin social media marketing campaign. So what that comes down to is video creation and posting and that allows us to just Just start understanding our like, to LTV conversion metrics and understanding which users convert on more through more partnerships and also just focusing on scaling on those specific acquisition methods.

And then the next thing would be The... just to find all it all up, just making the user journey and user flow better by incorporating email marketing and also just iterating based on the feedback. But basically once we establish our community base back and get where we need to be developmentally, then we're good to begin on our acquisition journey, our customer acquisition journey. So then the next thing I want to talk about is the user journey.

And so mostly for this user journey, I just want to identify where the user information is coming from. Because for the users, they have to actually interact with a lot of these to get the information from. So for example, they actually have to interact with the partner promo bot for us to understand what state they're in. So basically, I'm just going to talk a little bit about the flow that I envision.

There are multiple marketing methods and They... are for example they could be tiktok instagram but all these marketing methods lead to one action and that action is joining the server and when a member joins the server what is known about them is or like what do we know about them um i guess we know when They join the server, what invite link they're from. Also, this was talked about earlier in the developmental discussion, so please reference that.

But this verbatim was talked about. But then we also send them a welcome message and they get a welcome ticket. But basically from there, I want to understand the flows. There's kind of like... unique flow of what unlocks for a user once they subscribe and then there's also a unique flow for what all users can interact with so one thing that users can interact with once they subscribe is the EV bot so that would be something that is and then also the exit tickets because they would only have an exit ticket if they were so basically also for this user journey flow like I want it to just be for more visual for hey this is what we want people to get to in this journey flow so I can show to people like oh this is just the partner promobot and our partners channel